Wellesley was born in Dublin, into the Protestant Ascendancy in Ireland.
Wellesley was born into an aristocratic Anglo-Irish family in Ireland as The Hon.
He was born in Ireland and so had some understanding of the grievances of the Catholic communities there; as Chief Secretary, he had given an undertaking that the remaining Penal Laws would only be enforced as "mildly" as possible.
During the divorce proceedings, Maradona admitted he is the father of Diego Sinagra (born in Naples on 20 September 1986).
He was born in Dundee on 1 July 1731, the son of Alexander Duncan of Lundie, Provost of Dundee.
Over 15% of Dublin's population was foreign-born in 2006.
The only statements in the Tanakh about the status of a fetus state that killing an unborn infant does not have the same status as killing a born human being, and mandates a much lesser penalty (Exodus 21: 22–25) (although this interpretation is disputed, the passage could refer to an injury to a woman that causes a premature, live birth).
He was born in Rome—in either 1475 or 1476—the illegitimate son of Cardinal Roderic Llançol i de Borja, (usually known as Rodrigo Borgia), later Pope Alexander VI, and his mistress Vannozza dei Cattanei, about whom information is sparse.
Calista Kay Flockhart was born in Freeport, Illinois, the daughter of Kay Calista, an English teacher, and Ronald Flockhart, a Kraft Foods executive.
Charles Evans Hughes was born in Glens Falls, New York, the son of a Welsh immigrant minister, the Rev.
Christian monasticism was born in Egypt and was instrumental in the formation of the Coptic Orthodox Church character of submission, simplicity and humility, thanks to the teachings and writings of the Great Fathers of Egypt's Deserts.
Crystal Eastman was born in Marlborough, Massachusetts, on June 25, 1881, the third of four children.
Her oldest brother, Morgan, was born in 1878 and died in 1884 at age seven.
The second brother, Anstice Ford Eastman, who became a general surgeon, was born in 1878 and died in 1937.
Max was the youngest, born in 1882.
In the summer of 1942, Pius explained to his college of Cardinals the reasons for the great gulf that existed between Jews and Christians at the theological level: ""Jerusalem has responded to His call and to His grace with the same rigid blindness and stubborn ingratitude that has led it along the path of guilt to the murder of God.""
Constantius was born in 317 at Sirmium, Pannonia.
Other popular musical styles were born in the second half of the 20th century such as Nova Cançó from the 1960s with Lluís Llach and the group Els Setze Jutges, the Catalan rumba in the 1960s with Peret, Catalan Rock from the late 1970s with La Banda Trapera del Río and Decibelios for Punk Rock, Sau, Els Pets, Sopa de Cabra or Lax'n'Busto for Pop Rock or Sangtraït for hard rock, electropop since the 1990s with OBK and indie pop from the 1990s.
He was born in Florence and died in Pisa.
Children of former concubines were generally declared as legitimate as they were born in wedlock, and the mother of a free child was considered free upon the death of the male partner.
All children born to enslaved mothers were born into slavery, regardless of their father's status or ancestry.
Caravaggio (Michelangelo Merisi or Amerighi) was born in Milan, where his father, Fermo (Fermo Merixio), was a household administrator and architect-decorator to the Marchese of Caravaggio, a town not far from the city of Bergamo.
Chardin was born in Paris, the son of a cabinetmaker, and rarely left the city.
The Canadian Citizenship Act of 1947 provided for a distinct Canadian Citizenship, automatically conferred upon most individuals born in Canada, with some exceptions, and defined the conditions under which one could become a naturalized citizen.
Barker was born in Liverpool, Merseyside, the son of Joan Ruby (née Revill), a painter and school welfare officer, and Leonard Barker, a personnel director for an industrial relations firm.
Chaim Topol was born in Tel Aviv in 1935, in what was then Mandatory Palestine.
Dewar was born in Glasgow on 21 August 1937 as the only child of Alasdair (1897–1973) and Mary Dewar (née Bennett).
Beatty was born into an Anglo-Irish family at Howbeck Lodge in the parish of Stapeley, near Nantwich, Cheshire, on 17 January 1871.
Venter was born in Salt Lake City, Utah, the son of Elizabeth and John Venter.
During preparation, hay is spread beneath the tablecloth as a reminder that Jesus Christ was born in a manger.
According to tradition, bits of hay are spread beneath the tablecloth as a reminder that Christ was born in a manger.
Dachshunds in the same litter may be born in different coat colors depending on the genetic makeup of the parents.
His son, Dmitri Boleslavovich Shostakovich, the composer's father, was born in exile in Narim in 1875 and studied physics and mathematics in Saint Petersburg University, graduating in 1899.
Fahrenheit was born in Danzig/Gdańsk, a predominantly German-speaking Hanseatic city in the Pomeranian Voivodeship of the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth, but lived most of his life in the Dutch Republic (1701–1736) and was one of the notable figures in the Golden Age of Dutch science and technology.
Fahrenheit was born in the city of Danzig (Gdańsk), Pomeranian Voivodeship in the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth, but lived most of his life in the Dutch Republic.
Bricklin was born in a Jewish family in Philadelphia, where he attended Akiba Hebrew Academy during his high school years.
Schultz was born in Baltimore, Maryland, of German descent, and is a Roman Catholic.
Barry was born in Armonk, New York, where his father, David, was a Presbyterian minister.
Angell was born in Providence, Rhode Island, to Henry and Mae (née Cooney) Angell.
He was born in Baden near Bremen and also died there.
Dwight Moody was born in Northfield, Massachusetts, to a large family.
They elected the Council of Four Hundred from among their number; nine archons and the treasurers were drawn from persons possessing an unencumbered property of not less than ten "minas", the generals ("strategoi") and commanders of cavalry ("hipparchoi") from those who could show an unencumbered property of not less than a hundred "minas" and had children born in lawful wedlock over ten years of age.
Powell was born in Harlem as the son of Jamaican immigrants.
Powell was born in New York City in 1937 and was raised in the South Bronx.
It is believed that a significant number of these Kanjobal-speakers may have been born in Guatemala and immigrated to Chiapas, maintaining strong cultural ties to the neighboring nation.
Carl Sagan was born in Brooklyn, New York.
This is a list of notable people who were born in, or who currently live, or have lived in Columbus.
Young was born in Gilmore, a tiny farming community located in Washington Township, Tuscarawas County, Ohio.
He is the first Chief Minister to have been born in the Northern Territory.
His father, whose surname was originally "Sarondonethes", was born in Istanbul, Turkey, of Greek ancestry; his mother is also of Greek ancestry.
Guest was born in New York City, the son of Peter Haden-Guest, a British United Nations diplomat who later became the 4th Baron Haden-Guest, and his second wife, Jean Pauline Hindes, an American former vice president of casting at CBS.
Kane was born in Cleveland, Ohio, the daughter of Joy, a jazz singer, teacher, dancer, and pianist, and Michael Kane, an architect who worked for the World Bank.
Once born into Osu caste, this Nigerian person is an outcast, shunned and ostracized, with limited opportunities or acceptance, regardless of his or her ability or merit.
For example, exogamy is rare for women born into families of woodcarvers.
The first crossbred animals, 5/8 Charolais and 3/8 Zebu, were born in 1953.
born in Canada) and who live in urban settings.
In the area north of the Regional Municipality of York and south of Parry Sound, notably among those who were born in the surrounding communities, the cutting down of syllables and consonants often heard, e.g.
This phenomenon occurs in newborn infants because they do not yet have fully functional liver enzymes (i.e.
Browne was born in Waterford, Maine.
Claude Louis Berthollet was born in Talloires, near Annecy, then part of the Duchy of Savoy, in 1749.
David Thompson was born in Westminster, Middlesex, to recent Welsh migrants David and Ann Thompson.
Gérald-Libois writes that '..the special meeting of the council of ministers took steps for the immediate Africanisation of the officer corps and named Victor Lundula, who was born in Kasai and was burgomaster of Jadotville, as Commander-in-Chief of the ANC; Colonel Joseph-Désiré Mobutu as chief of staff; and the Belgian, Colonel Henniquiau, as chief advisor to the ANC.'
According to 2017 figures from Statistics Denmark, 86.9% of Denmark’s population of over 5,760,694 was of Danish descent, defined as having at least one parent who was born in Denmark and has Danish citizenship.
More than 752 618 individuals (13.1%) are migrants and their descendants (146 798 second generation migrants born in Denmark).
Hilbert, the first of two children of Otto and Maria Therese (Erdtmann) Hilbert, was born in the Province of Prussia, Kingdom of Prussia, either in Königsberg (according to Hilbert's own statement) or in Wehlau (known since 1946 as Znamensk) near Königsberg where his father worked at the time of his birth.
The painter Johannes Vermeer (1632–1675) was born in Delft.
Calves are typically born in the spring and summer months and females bear all the responsibility for raising them.
Two wolphins currently live at the Sea Life Park in Hawaii; the first was born in 1985 from a male false killer whale and a female bottlenose.
Jacques-Louis David was born into a prosperous family in Paris on 30 August 1748.
Dunstan was born in Baltonsborough, Somerset.
Other well-known individuals born in the city include poet Paul Laurence Dunbar and entrepreneur John H. Patterson.
From 1990 to 2000, the Dominican population of the U.S. doubled in size, from 520,121 in 1990 to 1,041,910, two-thirds of whom were born in the Dominican Republic
itself.
Engelbart was born in Portland, Oregon, on January 30, 1925, to Carl Louis Engelbart and Gladys Charlotte Amelia Munson Engelbart.
Meinhof was born in Barzwitz near Rügenwalde in the Province of Pomerania.
The eldest son of Constantine the Great and Fausta, after the death of his half-brother Crispus, Constantine II was born in Arles in February 316 and raised as a Christian.
Flavius Valerius Constantinus, as he was originally named, was born in the city of Naissus, (today Niš, Serbia) part of the Dardania province of Moesia on 27 February, probably 272 AD.
Additionally, no earlier source mentions that Helena was born in Britain, let alone that she was a princess.
Messier was born in Badonviller in the Lorraine region of France, being the tenth of twelve children of Françoise B. Grandblaise and Nicolas Messier, a Court usher.
D'Abancourt was born in Douai, and was the nephew of Charles Alexandre de Calonne.
As the people had a matrilineal system of property and hereditary leadership, their children were born into the mother's clan and gained their status from her people.
The people had a matrilineal kinship system, with children born into the clan or iska of the mother and taking their social status from it.
In the story of Passover, the Bible tells the story as "the Lord struck down all the firstborn in Egypt" (Exodus 12:21–29).
In the Book of Jubilees, which is considered canonical only by the Ethiopian Orthodox Church, this same event is told slightly differently: "All the powers of [the demon] Mastema had been let loose to slay all the first-born in the land of Egypt...And the powers of the Lord did everything according as the Lord commanded them" (Jubilees 49:2–4).
Alberti was born in Venice and studied music with Antonio Lotti.
For most of her life, Day reportedly believed she had been born in 1924 and reported her age accordingly; it was not until her 95th birthday, when the Associated Press found her birth certificate, showing a 1922 date, that she learned otherwise.
David Daniel Kaminsky was born in Brooklyn, New York on January 18, 1911 (though he would later say 1913), to Ukrainian Jewish immigrants Jacob and Clara (née Nemerovsky) Kaminsky.
Jacob and Clara and their older sons Larry and Mac left Dnipropetrovsk two years before Danny's birth; he was their only son born in the United States.
On 18 January 2013, during a 24-hour salute to Kaye on Turner Classic Movies in celebration of what TCM thought was his 100th birthday, Kaye's daughter Dena revealed to TCM host Ben Mankiewicz that Kaye's stated birth year of 1913 was incorrect, and that he was actually born in 1911.
Dan DeCarlo was born in New Rochelle, New York, the son of a gardener.
The majority of a newborn infant's time is spent in sleep.
Some Dominicans born in the United States now reside in the Dominican Republic, creating a kind of expatriate community.
There are over 700,000 people of Haitian descent, including a generation born in the Dominican Republic.
Noted fashion designer Oscar de la Renta was born in the Dominican Republic in 1932, and became a US citizen in 1971.
Other notable baseball players born in the Dominican Republic are Adrián Beltré, Robinson Canó, Rico Carty, Starling Marte, Vladimir Guerrero, George Bell, Julian Javier, Francisco Liriano, Manny Ramírez, José Bautista, Edwin Encarnación, Hanley Ramírez, David Ortiz, Albert Pujols, Nelson Cruz, Ubaldo Jiménez, José Reyes, Plácido Polanco, and Sammy Sosa.
According to the unofficial timeline of Don Rosa, Daisy was born in 1920.
City of Dachau

Dachau is twinned with:

There exists also some cooperation with:

Notable people who lived, worked or were born in Dachau include



</doc>
<doc id="9032" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9032" title="Drosophila">
Drosophila

Drosophila () is a genus of flies, belonging to the family Drosophilidae, whose members are often called "small fruit flies" or (less frequently) pomace flies, vinegar flies, or wine flies, a reference to the characteristic of many species to linger around overripe or rotting fruit.
Young was born in Compton, California, the first child of Theodore and Verna Young.
Knuth was born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, to German-Americans Ervin Henry Knuth and Louise Marie Bohning.
Letterman was born in Indianapolis, Indiana.
Delroy Lindo was born in 1952 in Lewisham, south east London, the son of Jamaican parents who had emigrated to Britain.
Janssen was born in 1931 in Naponee, a village in Franklin County in southern Nebraska, to Harold Edward Meyer, a banker (May 12, 1906 – November 4, 1990) and Berniece Graf (May 11, 1910 – November 26, 1995).
Mamet was born in 1947 in Chicago to Lenore June (née Silver), a teacher, and Bernard Morris Mamet, a labor attorney.
He was born in 1475 in the village of Almagro, 1 in Ciudad Real, where he took the surname for being the illegitimate son of Juan de Montenegro and Elvira Gutiérrez.
Jessie had been born in 1900 in Tacoma, Washington, to Alexander Stewart, head of the Blue Funnel Line that plied the west coast of the United States.
On March 24, 1945, Camilla Christine Hall was born in Saint Peter, Minnesota.
Coyote pups are born in dens, hollow trees, or under ledges, and weigh at birth.
Some sources and Marker himself claim that he was born in Ulaanbaatar, Mongolia.
Other sources say he was born in Belleville, Paris, and others, in Neuilly-sur-Seine.
Of the total population in 1900, more than 77% were either foreign-born or born in the United States of foreign parentage.
The need for a massive symbolic artificial intelligence project of this ilk was born in the early 1980s out of a large number of experiences early AI researchers had, in the previous 25 years, wherein their AI programs would generate encouraging early results but then fail to "scale up"—fail to cope with novel situations and problems outside the narrow area they were conceived and engineered to cope with.
Syn then struck a bargain with Tappitt: If Tappitt confessed to being the notorious pirate Clegg, then Syn would look after and care for Tappitt and Imogene's new-born infant daughter (also named Imogene).
Deutsch was born in Haifa in Israel on 18 May 1953, the son of Oskar and Tikva Deutsch.
David's sons born in Jerusalem of his other wives included Ibhar, Elishua, Eliphelet, Nogah, Nepheg, Japhia, Elishama and Eliada.
Hofstadter was born in New York City, the son of Nobel Prize-winning physicist Robert Hofstadter and Nancy Givan Hofstadter.
Sports figures born in Davenport include NFL running back Roger Craig, NFL offensive lineman Julian Vandervelde, former NBA guard Ricky Davis, former middleweight boxing champion Michael Nunn, UFC welterweight champion Robbie Lawler and professional wrestler Seth Rollins.
The current mayor of St. Louis, Lyda Krewson, was born in Davenport.
Calves are typically born in the fall and winter months, and females bear almost all the responsibility for raising them.
Christine de Pizan was born in 1364 in Venice, Italy.
Maria and Liam's baby son was stillborn in April, and during an estrangement from Maria upon the death of their baby, Liam had a one-night stand with Carla, a story which helped pave the way for his departure.
The son of Germanicus, a popular Roman general, and Agrippina the Elder, the granddaughter of Augustus, Caligula was born into the first ruling family of the Roman Empire, conventionally known as the Julio-Claudian dynasty.
Gaius Julius Caesar (named in honor of his famous relative) was born in Antium (modern Anzio and Nettuno) on 31 August 12 AD, the third of six surviving children born to Germanicus and his second cousin Agrippina the Elder.
Chiang was born in Xikou, a town in Fenghua, Zhejiang, about of central Ningbo.
In Metal Gear Solid, the characters Solid Snake and Liquid Snake were born in a secret project as cloned soldiers.
A daughter, Colette de Jouvenel, nicknamed "Bel-Gazou", was born in 1913.
His father was born into slavery in 1851 in Pittsboro, North Carolina; after the Civil War, he graduated from St. Augustine's College and became a prominent minister and founder of St. Michael's Episcopal Church.
He was born in Southwark, south London, 3 April 1928 to John L. F. Kapp and Annie M.A.
Tombaugh was born in Streator, Illinois, son of Muron Dealvo Tombaugh, a farmer, and his wife Adella Pearl Chritton.
Christopher was born in Báthorys' castle at Szilágysomlyó (now Șimleu Silvaniei in Romania) in the same year.
Christopher's and Catherina's second son, Nicholas, was born in 1567 and died in 1576.
Their first child, Cristina (or Griselda), was born in 1569.
Christopher's youngest son, Sigismund, was born in 1573.
Feral cats are domestic cats that were born in or have reverted to a wild state.
Lyell was born into a wealthy family, on 14 November 1797, at the family's estate house, Kinnordy House, near Kirriemuir in Forfarshire.
Domitian was born in Rome on 24 October 51, the youngest son of Titus Flavius Vespasianus—commonly known as Vespasian—and Flavia Domitilla Major.
Charles Mingus was born in Nogales, Arizona.
Ortega was born in La Libertad, department of Chontales, Nicaragua.
Thomas was born in Swansea, Wales, in 1914.
They had one daughter, Alexandria "Lexi" Zahra Jones, born in August 2000.
Thomas Newcomen, the inventor of the atmospheric engine – the first successful steam-powered pumping engine – was born in Dartmouth in 1663.
The stage and film actress Rachel Kempson (1910–2003) was born in Dartmouth.
Steven Rogers was born in the Lower East Side of Manhattan, New York City, in 1920 to poor Irish immigrants, Sarah and Joseph Rogers.
Charles Francis Xavier was born in New York City to the wealthy Dr. Brian Xavier, a well-respected nuclear scientist, and Sharon Xavier.
Krulak was born in 1942 in Quantico, Virginia, the son of Amy (Chandler) and Victor H. Krulak.
Schongauer came from Alsace, and was born into a family of goldsmiths.
Trumbo was born in Montrose, Colorado, the son of Maud (née Tillery) and Orus Bonham Trumbo.
She was born in Fresno on July 17, 1916, and moved with her divorced mother and her brother and sister to Los Angeles.
Barrymore was born in Culver City, California, to actor John Barrymore and aspiring actress Jaid (born Ildikó Jaid Makó).
Jaid was born in a displaced persons camp in Brannenburg, West Germany, to Hungarian World War II refugees.
She was born into the Barrymore acting dynasty: All of her paternal great-grandparents – Maurice and Georgie Drew Barrymore, Maurice and Mae Costello ( Altschuk) – as well as her paternal grandparents, John Barrymore and Dolores Costello, were actors, with John being arguably the most acclaimed actor of his generation.
Lynch was born in Missoula, Montana on January 20, 1946.
They had one child, Jennifer Chambers Lynch, born in 1968, who is a film director.
On June 21, 1977, Lynch married Mary Fisk, and the couple had one child, Austin Jack Lynch, born in 1982.
The couple have one child, Lula Boginia Lynch, born in 2012.
His father was born in Baltimore, Maryland, and his mother was born in Toronto; all of his grandparents were from Lithuania.
Edward Bellamy was born in Chicopee, Massachusetts.
Walcott was awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1992, the second Caribbean writer to receive the honour after Saint-John Perse, who was born in Guadeloupe, received the award in 1960.
At the hearing Bill Browder, the American-born investor who had lobbied for the act's passage after what he claims was the illegal appropriation of his hedge fund's assets and the subsequent murder of his Russian lawyer Sergei Magnitsky after he discovered this, was to testify.
Dennis Ritchie was born in Bronxville, New York.
The 4th was then born in Mongolia as the great grandson of Altan Khan, thus cementing strong ties between Central Asia, the Dalai Lamas, the Gelugpa and Tibet.
'Pema Dorje' (1391–1474), the boy who was to become the first in the line, was born in a cattle pen in Shabtod, Tsang in 1391.
Though born in a cattle pen to be a simple goatherd, Gendun Drup thus rose to become one of the most celebrated and respected teachers in Tibet and Central Asia.
The Third Dalai Lama, Sonam Gyatso (1543–1588) was born in Tolung, near Lhasa,
as predicted by his predecessor.
The Eighth Dalai Lama, Jamphel Gyatso was born in Tsang in 1758 and died aged 46 having taken little part in Tibetan politics, mostly leaving temporal matters to his regents and the "ambans".
Like the Seventh Dalai Lama, the Tenth, Tsultrim Gyatso, was born in Lithang, Kham, where the Third Dalai Lama had built a monastery.
In 1856 a child was born in south central Tibet amidst all the usual extraordinary signs.
According to most Western journalistic sources he was born into a humble family of farmers as one of 16 children.
Historically, the search for the Dalai Lama has usually been limited to Tibet, though the third tulku was born in Mongolia.
Tenzin Gyatso, however, has stated that he will not be reborn in the People's Republic of China, though he has also suggested he may not be reborn at all, suggesting the function of the Dalai Lama may be outdated.
In response to the possibility that the PRC might attempt to choose his successor, the Dalai Lama said he would not be reborn in a country controlled by the People's Republic of China or any other country which is not free.
Dino Zoff was born in Mariano del Friuli, Friuli-Venezia Giulia, Italy into a farming family.
Zoff is married to Annamaria Passereini; they have a son, Marco, born in 1967.
Cão was born in Vila Real (some say in Évora), in the middle of the 15th century, the illegitimate son of Álvaro Fernandes or Gonçalves Cão, fidalgo of the Royal Household, himself the illegitimate son of Gonçalo Cão.
Henry Every, described as the most notorious pirate of the late 17th century, was probably born in the village of Newton Ferrers.
was an avid Elizabethan outdoorsman probably born in Devon who became an attorney for The Council For New England, and built the New England fur-trading-plantation called Ma-Re Mount or Merrymount around a West Country-style Maypole, much to the displeasure of Pilgrim and Puritan colonists.
The painter and founder of the Royal Academy, Sir Joshua Reynolds, was born in Devon.
Chris Dawson, the billionaire owner of retailer The Range was born in Devon, where his business retains its head office in Plymouth.
Dave Hill of rock band Slade was born in Flete House which is in the South Hams district of Devon.
Another famous Devonian is the model and actress Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, who was born in Plymouth and raised in Tavistock.
Swimmer Sharron Davies and diver Tom Daley were born in Plymouth.
The Olympic runner Jo Pavey was born in Honiton.
Peter Cook the satirist, writer and comedian was born in Torquay, Devon.
Jane McGrath, who married Australian cricketer Glenn McGrath was born in Paignton, her long battle with and subsequent death from breast cancer inspired the formation of the McGrath Foundation, which is one of Australia's leading charities.
According to Kahanamoku, he was born in Honolulu at Haleʻākala, the home of Bernice Pauahi Bishop which was later converted into the Arlington Hotel.
Mather was born in Boston, Massachusetts Bay Colony, the son of Maria (née Cotton) and Increase Mather, and grandson of both John Cotton and Richard Mather, all also prominent Puritan ministers.
Linebarger was born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
Kidd was born in Dundee, Scotland, c. 1654, his father, Captain John Kyd, being lost at sea.
Evers was born in Decatur in Newton County in east central Mississippi, Evers was reared by devoutly Christian parents, Jesse (Wright) and James Evers.
Williams was born in London in 1886, the only son of (Richard) Walter Stansby Williams (1848–1929), a journalist and foreign business correspondent for an importing firm, writing in French and German, who was a 'regular and valued' contributor of verse, stories and articles to many popular magazines, and his wife Mary (née Wall, the sister of the ecclesiologist and historian J. Charles Wall), a former milliner, of Islington.
He had one sister, Edith, born in 1889.
Their son Michael was born in 1922.
Czesław Miłosz was born in the village of Szetejnie (), Kovno Governorate, Russian Empire (now Kėdainiai district, Kaunas County, Lithuania) on the border between two Lithuanian historical regions, Samogitia and Aukštaitija, in central Lithuania.
Here one may remember that the city-state of Carthage, who citizens were mainly "Libyphoenicians" (of Phoenician ancestry born in Africa), dominated and exploited an agricultural countryside composed mainly of native Berber sharecroppers and farmworkers, whose affiliations to Carthage were open to divergent possibilities.
The traditional Christmas narrative, the Nativity of Jesus, delineated in the New Testament says that Jesus was born in Bethlehem, in accordance with messianic prophecies.
The canonical gospels of Luke and Matthew both describe Jesus as being born in Bethlehem in Judea, to a virgin mother.
This anonymous tract also states: "But Our Lord, too, is born in the month of December ... the eight before the calends of January [25 December] ..., But they call it the 'Birthday of the Unconquered'.
Menger was born in the city of Neu-Sandez in Galicia, Austrian Empire, which is now Nowy Sącz in Poland.
Baxter was born in Minneapolis, Minnesota, to John and Mary Barber (Eaton) Baxter.
Her first lamb, named Bonnie, was born in April 1998.
Two identical clones of a macaque monkey, Zhong Zhong and Hua Hua, were created by researchers in China and were born in late 2017.
Dante was born in Florence, Republic of Florence, present-day Italy.
Dave Brubeck was born in the San Francisco Bay Area city of Concord, California, and grew up in a city located in the Mother Lode called Ione, California.
Eisenhower's mother, Ida Elizabeth (Stover) Eisenhower, born in Virginia, of German Protestant ancestry, moved to Kansas from Virginia.
Their second son, John Eisenhower (1922–2013), was born in Denver, Colorado.
Eisenhower was the last president born in the 19th century, and at age 62, was the oldest man elected President since James Buchanan in 1856 (President Truman stood at 64 in 1948 as the incumbent president, having succeeded to the Presidency in 1945 upon the death of Franklin Roosevelt).
For a "cohort" of persons born in the same year, it traces and projects their life experiences from birth to death.
Morris was born in Purton, Wiltshire, to Marjorie (née Hunt) and children's fiction author Harry Morris.
Denis Diderot was born in Langres, Champagne.
Deng Xiaoping was born in Sichuan.
Democritus was born in Abdera, Thrace, around 460 BC, although some thought it was 490 BC.
Democritus was said to be born in the city of Abdera in Thrace, an Ionian colony of Teos, although some called him a Milesian.
He was born in the 80th Olympiad (460–457 BC) according to Apollodorus of Athens, and although Thrasyllus placed his birth in 470 BC, the later date is probably more likely.
Examples include discrimination against Chinese born in countryside far from city within China, and discrimination against Americans from the southern or northern regions of the United States.
Maclaurin was born in Kilmodan, Argyll.
It is here that Patrick Kennedy was born in 1823.
Charles was born into the House of Stuart as the second son of King James VI of Scotland, but after his father inherited the English throne in 1603, he moved to England, where he spent much of the rest of his life.
The second son of King James VI of Scotland and Anne of Denmark, Charles was born in Dunfermline Palace, Fife, on 19 November 1600.
Although born in Scotland, Charles had become estranged from his northern kingdom; his first visit since early childhood was for his Scottish coronation in 1633.
Collodi was born in Florence on 24 November 1826.
Columbanus (the Latinised form of "Columbán", meaning "the white dove") was born in the Kingdom of Meath, now part of Leinster, in Ireland in 543, the year Saint Benedict died at Monte Cassino.
Christian Doppler was born in Salzburg (today Austria) in 1803.
Other languages:




</doc>
<doc id="6569" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6569" title="Charles McCarry">
Charles McCarry

Charles McCarry (born in 1930, in Massachusetts, United States) is an American writer, primarily of spy fiction, and a former undercover operative for the Central Intelligence Agency who "The Wall Street Journal" described in 2013 as "the dean of American spy writers"; "The New Republic" magazine calls him "poet laureate of the CIA.
The adventures of the Cimbri are described by the Danish Nobel Prize–winning author Johannes V. Jensen, himself born in Himmerland, in the novel "Cimbrernes Tog" (1922), included in the epic cycle "Den lange Rejse" (English "The Long Journey", 1923).
According to Epiphanius Scholasticus, he was born in Athens, but there is also a tradition of an Alexandrian birth.
Barks was born in Merrill, Oregon to William Barks and his wife Arminta Johnson.
Casimir III was born in Kowal, and he married four times.
Franz Boas was born in Minden, Westphalia.
Boas found that average measures of the cranial size of immigrants were significantly different from members of these groups who were born in the United States.
He was born in Mainz, but the political disarray of the time made his parents move to Aschaffenburg, the second seat of the Archbishop of Mainz.
Schaffner was born in Tokyo, Japan, the son of American missionaries Sarah Horting (née Swords) and Paul Franklin Schaffner, and was raised in Japan.
Francis Drake was born in Tavistock, Devon, England.
In the Baltics they fought against communists as well as against the newborn independent democratic countries Estonia and Latvia.
Madero was born in the hacienda of El Rosario, in Parras de la Fuente, Coahuila, the first son of Francisco Ignacio Madero Hernández and Mercedes González Treviño, and the first grandson of family patriarch, Evaristo Madero, governor of Coahuila.
The first group that each of us is born into is the family, and each family has its own unique folklore.
Frans Eemil Sillanpää was born into a peasant farming family in Hämeenkyrö.
Schmidt was born in Pozsony (known in German as Pressburg), in the Hungarian part of the Austro-Hungarian Empire (the city is now Bratislava, capital of Slovakia).
Lear was born into a middle-class family at Holloway, North London, the penultimate of 21 children (and youngest to survive) of Ann Clark Skerrett and Jeremiah Lear, a stockbroker formerly working for the family sugar refining business.
Arden was born in Mill Valley, California on April 30, 1908 to Charles Peter Quedens, son of Charles Henry Augustus and Meta L. (née Dierks) Quedens, and Lucille (née Frank) Quedens, daughter of Bernard and Louisa (née Mertens) Frank, both of German descent.
The fifth of nine children, Enya was born into a Roman Catholic family of musicians.
Autonegotiation is an optional feature, first introduced with 100BASE-TX, while it is also backward compatible with 10BASE-T. Autonegotiation is mandatory for 1000BASE-T.




</doc>
<doc id="9502" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9502" title="List of explorations">
List of explorations

Some of the most important explorations of State Societies, in chronological order:



</doc>
<doc id="9505" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9505" title="Elias Canetti">
Elias Canetti

Elias Canetti (; ; 25 July 1905 – 14 August 1994) was a German-language author, born in Ruse, Bulgaria to a merchant family.
Grossi was a cellist and composer, born in Venice in 1917.
Edvard Hagerup Grieg was born in Bergen, Norway.
Édouard Manet was born in Paris on 23 January 1832, in the ancestral hôtel particulier (mansion) on the rue des Petits Augustins (now rue Bonaparte) to an affluent and well-connected family.
For Golb, the amount of documents is too extensive and includes many different writing styles and calligraphies; the ruins seem to have been a fortress, used as a military base for a very long period of timeincluding the 1st centuryso they could not have been inhabited by the Essenes; and the large graveyard excavated in 1870, just 50 metres east of the Qumran ruins was made of over 1200 tombs that included many women and childrenPliny clearly wrote that the Essenes who lived near the Dead Sea "had not one woman, had renounced all pleasure ... and no one was born in their race".
Bannister was born in St. Andrews, New Brunswick and moved to New England in the late 1840s, where he remained for the rest of his life.
Kraepelin, whose father, Karl Wilhelm, was a former opera singer, music teacher, and later successful story teller, was born in 1856 in Neustrelitz, in the Duchy of Mecklenburg-Strelitz in Germany.
Thayer was born in Lawrence, Massachusetts, and raised in nearby Worcester.
He was born in Mount Abu, India, was educated in Plymouth, Devon, and worked as an insurance officer for 10 years before studying for the stage and eventually becoming a writer.
Whitney was born in Westborough, Massachusetts, on December 8, 1765, the eldest child of Eli Whitney Sr., a prosperous farmer, and his wife Elizabeth Fay, also of Westborough.
Although the younger Eli, born in 1765, could technically be called a "Junior", history has never known him as such.
His son, born in 1820, also named Eli, was well known during his lifetime and afterward by the name "Eli Whitney, Jr."

Whitney's mother, Elizabeth Fay, died in 1777, when he was 11.
On 12 August 1887, Schrödinger was born in , Vienna, Austria, to (cerecloth producer, botanist) and Georgine Emilia Brenda Schrödinger (née Bauer) (daughter of , Professor of Chemistry, Technische Hochschule Vienna).
Viollet-le-Duc was born in Paris in 1814, in the last year of the Empire of Napoleon Bonaparte.
Their son Walter was born in 1868, their daughters Elizabeth in 1871 and Emma in 1873.
Prince Eugene was born in the Hôtel de Soissons in Paris on 18 October 1663.
Leutze was born in Schwäbisch Gmünd, Württemberg, Germany, and was brought to the United States as a child.
He was born in the village of Bruchenbrücken (now part of Friedberg, Hesse) about the year 1500.
For example, people born in certain places may have higher wages and higher levels of education.
Van Langen was born in Oldenzaal, Overijssel.
Singer was born in Vienna, Austria, where his father was a jeweler and his mother a homemaker.
Page was born in Grafton, New South Wales.
Earle Christmas Grafton Page was born in Grafton, New South Wales, on 8 August 1880.
His mother was born in Tasmania to an English father and a Scottish mother.
His father, born in London, was a successful businessman and a member of the Grafton City Council, serving a single term as mayor in 1908.
Wankel was born in 1902 in Lahr in what was then the Grand Duchy of Baden in the Upper Rhine Plain of present-day southwestern Germany.
The genre of the Madrigal, born in Italy, gained popularity in Britain and elsewhere.
Savage was born in Chicago, Illinois, the son of Joanne and Lewis Savage, who was an industrial real estate broker and consultant.
Sue Richards' pregnancy was announced in "Fantastic Four Annual" #5 (1967), and the Richards' son, Franklin Richards was born in "Fantastic Four Annual" #6 (1968) in a story which introduced Annihilus as well.
Most Canadian males born in the 1950s and before could attest to this.
The author of the Book of Ezekiel presents himself as Ezekiel, the son of Buzzi, born into a priestly (Kohen) lineage.
Abbey was born in Philadelphia in 1852.
White was born in Mount Vernon, New York, the youngest child of Samuel Tilly White, the president of a piano firm, and Jessie Hart White, the daughter of Scottish-American painter William Hart.
Satie was the son of Alfred Satie and his wife Jane Leslie (née Anton), who was born in London to Scottish parents.
Edmund Stoiber was born in Oberaudorf in the district of Rosenheim, Bavaria.
Max Weber (1864 - 1920) was born in Erfurt.
Alexander Müller (1808 - 1863) pianist, conductor and composer, was born in Erfurt.
His grandson Isaac Eric Owen Bartlett was born in June 2013 to his oldest daughter Ruth and her husband Dean Bartlett.
He was born in Vivar, a town near the city of Burgos.
He was born in Texing in Lower Austria to unmarried mother Josepha Dollfuss and her lover Joseph Weninger.
Desiderius Erasmus is reported to have been born in Rotterdam on 28 October in the late 1460s.
A well-known wooden picture indicates: "Goudæ conceptus, Roterodami natus" (Latin: conceived in Gouda, born in Rotterdam).
According to an article by historian Renier Snooy (1478–1537), Erasmus was born in Gouda.
Darwin was born in 1731 at Elston Hall, Nottinghamshire near Newark-on-Trent, England, the youngest of seven children of Robert Darwin of Elston (12 August 1682 – 20 November 1754), a lawyer and physician, and his wife Elizabeth Hill (1702–97).
Rugby league was born in Huddersfield in 1895.
In 2015, 5.1 million children were born in the EU-28, corresponding to a birth rate of 10 per 1,000, which is 8 births below the world average.
Of these, 31.4 million (6.3%) were born outside the EU and 16.0 million (3.2%) were born in another EU member state.
Sapir was born in German Pomerania; his parents emigrated to United States of America when he was a child.
Sapir was born into a family of Lithuanian Jews in Lauenburg in the Province of Pomerania where his father, Jacob David Sapir, worked as a cantor.
Their son Paul Edward Sapir was born in 1928.
Ethan Allen was born in Litchfield, Connecticut, the first-born child of Joseph and Mary Baker Allen, both descended from English Puritans.
Allen, likely both stubborn in his determination, and envious of Arnold, persisted.
They had two other children: a daughter, Elisabeth Förster-Nietzsche, born in 1846, and a second son, Ludwig Joseph, born in 1848.
Fryderyk Chopin was born in Żelazowa Wola, 46 kilometres () west of Warsaw, in what was then the Duchy of Warsaw, a Polish state established by Napoleon.
If they were born in Taiwan they legally become 18 on February 28, a day earlier.
His great-grandparents on his father's side, Philip Key and Susanna Barton Gardiner, were both born in London and then immigrated to Maryland in 1726.
(; born Francisco de Jasso y Azpilicueta, in Latin Franciscus Xaverius; 7 April 15063 December 1552), was a Navarrese Basque Roman Catholic missionary, born in Javier (Xavier in Navarro-Aragonese or Xabier in Basque), Kingdom of Navarre (present day Spain), and a co-founder of the Society of Jesus.
Francis Xavier was born in the royal castle of Xavier, in the Kingdom of Navarre, on 7 April 1506 according to a family register.
Moore was born in Upper Norwood, Croydon, Greater London, on 4 November 1873, the middle child of seven of Dr Daniel Moore and Henrietta Sturge.
Washington was born into the provincial gentry of Colonial Virginia to a family of wealthy planters who owned tobacco plantations and slaves, which he inherited.
Due in part to the frequent birth-year overlap and resulting incongruence existing between attempts to define Generation X and Millennials, a number of individuals born in the late 1970s or early 1980s see themselves as being on the cusp "between" the two generations.
Numerous mathematicians were born in Germany, including Carl Friedrich Gauss, David Hilbert, Bernhard Riemann, Gottfried Leibniz, Karl Weierstrass, Hermann Weyl and Felix Klein.
Guattari was born in Villeneuve-les-Sablons, a working-class suburb of north-west Paris, France.
In 1500, Charles V was born in Ghent.
Bloch was born in Zürich, Switzerland to Jewish parents Gustav and Agnes Bloch.
President and General José de La Mar, who was born in Ecuador, believing his opportunity had come to annex the District of Ecuador to Peru, personally, with a Peruvian force, invaded and occupied Guayaquil and a few cities in the Loja region of southern Ecuador on November 28, 1828.
One of the earliest examples is Jacinto Collahuazo, an Amerindian chief of a northern village in today's Ibarra, born in the late 1600s.
Other early Ecuadorian writers include the Jesuits Juan Bautista Aguirre, born in Daule in 1725, and Father Juan de Velasco, born in Riobamba in 1727.
Famous authors from the late colonial and early republic period include Eugenio Espejo, a printer and main author of the first newspaper in Ecuadorian colonial times; Jose Joaquin de Olmedo (born in Guayaquil), famous for his ode to Simón Bolívar titled "Victoria de Junin"; Juan Montalvo, a prominent essayist and novelist; Juan Leon Mera, famous for his work "Cumanda" or "Tragedy among Savages" and the Ecuadorian National Anthem; Juan A. Martinez with "A la Costa';, Dolores Veintimilla; and others.
The most notable icons in Ecuadorian sciences are the mathematician and cartographer Pedro Vicente Maldonado, born in Riobamba in 1707, and the printer, independence precursor, and medical pioneer Eugenio Espejo, born in 1747 in Quito.
Most white Ecuadorians are of colonial-era Spanish origin, also known as "criollos" (literally meaning "local-born Spaniards", as opposed to "Peninsulares", which were Spaniards born in the Iberian Peninsula in Spain.
One of the earliest examples is Jacinto Collahuazo, an indigenous chief of a northern village in today's Ibarra, born in the late 1600s.
Other early Ecuadorian writers include the Jesuits Juan Bautista Aguirre, born in Daule in 1725, and Father Juan de Velasco, born in Riobamba in 1727.
Famous authors from the late colonial and early republic period include: Eugenio Espejo a printer and main author of the first newspaper in Ecuadorian colonial times; Jose Joaquin de Olmedo (born in Guayaquil), famous for his ode to Simón Bolívar titled "La Victoria de Junin"; Juan Montalvo, a prominent essayist and novelist; Juan Leon Mera, famous for his work "Cumanda" or "Tragedy among Savages" and the Ecuadorian National Anthem; Luis A. Martínez with "A la Costa", Dolores Veintimilla, and others.
Presley was born in Tupelo, Mississippi, and relocated to Memphis, Tennessee, with his family when he was 13 years old.
Until the birth of Prince Hisahito, son of Prince Akishino, on September 6, 2006, there was a potential succession problem, since Prince Akishino was the only male child to be born into the imperial family since 1965.
Emma Abbott was born in 1850 in Chicago, Illinois, the daughter of the struggling Chicago musician Seth Abbott and his wife Almira (née Palmer).
Shōmu is known as the first emperor whose consort was not born into the imperial household.
She was the second child of Henry VIII of England born in wedlock to survive infancy.
The Scottish lords forced her to abdicate in favour of her son James, who had been born in June 1566.
According to the chronicles "Kojiki" and "Nihon Shoki", Jimmu's brothers were born in Takachiho, the southern part of Kyūshū in modern-day Miyazaki Prefecture.
Elias Boudinot was born in Philadelphia on May 2, 1740.
His mother, Mary Catherine Williams, was born in the British West Indies; her father was from Wales.
The first, John, was born in the British West Indies-Antigua.
Edward Elgar was born in the small village of Lower Broadheath, outside Worcester, England.
Wigner Jenő Pál was born in Budapest, Austria-Hungary on November 17, 1902, to middle class Jewish parents, Elisabeth (Einhorn) and Anthony Wigner, a leather tanner.
</doc>
<doc id="11125" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11125" title="Francesco Borromini">
Francesco Borromini

Francesco Borromini, byname of Francesco Castelli (25 September 1599 – 2 August 1667), was an Italian architect born in today's Ticino who, with his contemporaries Gian Lorenzo Bernini and Pietro da Cortona, was a leading figure in the emergence of Roman Baroque architecture.
Kafka was born into a middle-class, German-speaking Jewish family in Prague, the capital of the Kingdom of Bohemia, then part of the Austro-Hungarian Empire, today part of the Czech Republic.
The boy, whose name is not known, was born in 1914 or 1915 and died in Munich in 1921.
Francisco Goya was born in Fuendetodos, Aragón, Spain, on 30 March 1746 to José Benito de Goya y Franque and Gracia de Lucientes y Salvador.
Leiber married Jonquil Stephens on January 16, 1936; their only child, the philosopher and science fiction writer Justin Leiber, was born in 1938.
The Federal Statistical Office defines persons with a migrant background as all persons who migrated to the present area of the Federal Republic of Germany after 1949, plus all foreign nationals born in Germany and all persons born in Germany as German nationals with at least one parent who migrated to Germany or was born in Germany as a foreign national.
Median age for Germans with at least one parent born abroad was 33.8 years, while that for Germans, who had two parents born in Germany was 44.6 years.
The former Pope, Benedict XVI, was born in Bavaria.
A member of the Bush family, he was born in Milton, Massachusetts to Prescott Bush and Dorothy Walker Bush.
However, numerous exceptions exist, particularly for people born in English-speaking countries such as Yo-Yo Ma.
The Casa de Juvenal Galeno is another historical cultural institution of Fortaleza, named after one of the greatest poets born in the city, Juvenal Galeno.
Another current exponent of cinema born in Fortaleza is Halder Gomes, director and screenwriter of Holliúdy Cinema.
His career was reborn in 1953 with the success of "From Here to Eternity", with his performance subsequently winning an Academy Award and Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actor.
Shestov, born into a Ukrainian-Jewish family in Kiev, had launched an attack on rationalism and systematization in philosophy as early as 1905 in his book of aphorisms "All Things Are Possible".
The proportion of Edinburgh's population born in the UK fell from 92% to 84% between 2001 and 2011, while the proportion born in Scotland fell from 78% to 70%.
Of those Edinburgh residents born in the UK, 335,000 or 83% were born in Scotland, with 58,000 or 14% being born in England.
Over 7,000 people were born in African countries (1.6% of the total population) and nearly 7,000 in the Americas.
With the notable exception of Inner London, Edinburgh has a higher number of people born in the United States (over 3,700) than any other city in the UK.
Famous authors who have lived in Edinburgh include the economist Adam Smith, born in Kirkcaldy and author of "The Wealth of Nations",

Scotland has a rich history of science and engineering, with Edinburgh producing a number of famous names.
John Napier, inventor of logarithms, was born in Merchiston Tower and lived and died in the city.
James Braidwood, who organised Britain's first municipal fire brigade, was also born in the city and began his career there.
The latest in a long line of science celebrities associated with the city is theoretical physicist and Nobel Prizewinner Professor Emeritus Peter Higgs, born in Newcastle but resident in Edinburgh for most of his academic career, after whom the Higgs boson particle has been named.
Husserl was born in 1859 in Proßnitz, a town in the Margraviate of Moravia, which was then in the Austrian Empire, and which today is Prostějov in the Czech Republic.
He was born into a Jewish family, the second of four children (boy, boy, girl, boy).
Edward Elmer Smith was born in Sheboygan, Wisconsin on May 2, 1890, to Fred Jay Smith and Caroline Mills Smith, both staunch Presbyterians of British ancestry.
His mother was a teacher born in Michigan in February 1855; his father was a sailor, born in Maine in January 1855 to an English father.
He had four siblings, Rachel M. born September 1882, Daniel M. born January 1884, Mary Elizabeth born February 1886 (all of whom were born in Michigan), and Walter E. born July 1891 in Washington.
Jeanne MacDougall was born in Glasgow, Scotland; her parents were Donald Scott MacDougall, a violinist, and Jessica Craig MacLean.
He was born in Rudiae, formerly a small town located near modern Lecce in the heel of Italy (ancient Calabria, today Salento), and could speak Oscan as well as Latin and Greek.
Some lines of the "Annales", as well as ancient testimonies, for example, suggest that Ennius opened his epic with a recollection of a dream in which the ancient epic-writer Homer informed him that his spirit had been reborn into Ennius.
Millay was born in Rockland, Maine, to Cora Lounella Buzelle, a nurse, and Henry Tolman Millay, a schoolteacher who would later become a superintendent of schools.
People born into a particular culture that grow up absorbing the values and behaviors of the culture will develop a worldview that considers their culture to be the norm.
Coppola was born in Detroit, Michigan, to father Carmine Coppola (1910–1991), a flautist with the Detroit Symphony Orchestra, and mother Italia Coppola (née Pennino; 1912–2004).
Coppola received his middle name in honor of Henry Ford, not only because he was born in the Henry Ford Hospital but also because of his musician-father's association with the automobile manufacturer.
If they are born in Finland and cannot get citizenship of any other country, they become citizens.
La Guardia was born in Greenwich Village in New York City.
Francesco Sforza was born in San Miniato, Tuscany, one of the seven illegitimate sons of the condottiero Muzio Sforza and Lucia da Torsano.
Their first child, Sonya, had been conceived in Baden-Baden, and was born in Geneva on 5 March 1868.
On 10 August 1875 his son Alexey was born in Staraya Russa, and in mid-September the family returned to Saint Petersburg.
Lang was born in Vienna as the second son of Anton Lang (1860–1940), an architect and construction company manager, and his wife Pauline "Paula" Lang Schlesinger (1864–1920).
He married twice, fathered three children and was the grandfather of six grandchildren; his brother Anthony (born in 1918) predeceased him in 1966.
He was born in Brussels, the son of Cornelis van Aarsens, also a statesman.
The son of a civil servant, Kekulé was born in Darmstadt, the capital of the Grand Duchy of Hesse.
He held his second cousin once removed Ladislaus the Posthumous, the ruler of the Archduchy of Austria, Hungary and Bohemia, (born in 1440) as a prisoner and attempted to extend his guardianship over him in perpetuity to maintain his control over Lower Austria.
De Klerk was born in Johannesburg, in the then Transvaal Province of South Africa, to Johannes "Jan" de Klerk and Hendrina Cornelia Coetzer – "her forefather was a Kutzer who stems from Austria".
He was born in Barcelona and died in Bastia.
Wallach was born in Red Hook, Brooklyn, at 156 Union Street, a son of Jewish immigrants Abraham and Bertha (Schorr) Wallach, both from Poland.
1927, Liverpool) and Ross MacManus (born in Birkenhead, 1927–2011), a jazz trumpeter who sang with the Joe Loss Orchestra and who later preformed as a solo cabaret act.
Edward Gibbon was born in 1737, the son of Edward and Judith Gibbon at Lime Grove, in the town of Putney, Surrey.
Many of modern Bangladesh's leading companies were born in the East Pakistan period.
Wilson was born in Birmingham, Alabama.
Armstrong was born in the Chelsea district of New York City, the oldest of John and Emily (Smith) Armstrong's three children.
Evliya Çelebi was born in Constantinople (now Istanbul) in 1611 to a wealthy family from Kütahya.
The three sisters were joined by brothers Louis (who died at the age of six), Herman (born in 1872), and Moishe (born in 1879).
Most Japanese Americans, particularly the first generation born in the United States (the "nisei"), considered themselves loyal to the United States of America.
Individuals born in Japan were not allowed to become naturalized US citizens until 1952.
Edvard Munch was born in a farmhouse in the village of Ådalsbruk in Løten, United Kingdoms of Sweden and Norway, to Laura Catherine Bjølstad and Christian Munch, the son of a priest.
The poet Christian Wernicke was born in 1661 in Elbing, while Gottfried Achenwall became famous for his teachings in natural law and human rights law.
Edmund Spenser was born in East Smithfield, London, around the year 1552, though there is some ambiguity as to the exact date of his birth.
Poe was born in Boston, the second child of two actors.
Hoffer was born in 1898 in The Bronx, New York, to Knut and Elsa (Goebel) Hoffer.
He fathered a child with Lili Fabilli Osborne, named Eric Osborne, who was born in 1955 and raised by Lili Osborne and her husband, Selden Osborne.
Hoxha was born in Gjirokastër, a city in southern Albania (then under the Ottoman Empire), son of Halil Hoxha, a Muslim Tosk cloth merchant who travelled widely across Europe and the United States, and Gjylihan (Gjylo) Hoxha née "Çuçi".
The supposed house of his birth, the Elbridge Gerry House (it is uncertain whether he was born in the house currently standing on the site or an earlier structure) stands in Marblehead, and that town's Elbridge Gerry School is named in his honor.
Pessoa was born in Lisbon on 13 June 1888.
The main reason for this was that, although Search is English, he was born in Lisbon as his author.
After the republican revolution, in 1910, and consequent patriotic atmosphere, Pessoa created another "alter ego", Álvaro de Campos, supposedly a Portuguese naval engineer, born in Tavira and graduated in Glasgow.
Elector Frederick William was born in Berlin to George William, Elector of Brandenburg, and Elisabeth Charlotte of the Palatinate.
He was born in Savignano di Prato, Tuscany.
Frédéric Bazille was born in Montpellier, Hérault, Languedoc-Roussillon, France, into a wealthy Protestant family.
Brown's parents had limited financial resources, and they moved to Calais to seek cheaper lodgings, where their daughter Elizabeth Coffin was born in 1819 and their son Ford Madox Brown in 1821.
Their daughter Emma Lucy was born in 1843 and the family moved back to England in 1844.
Their daughter Catherine Emily was born in 1850, and eventually they were married at St Dunstan-in-the-West in April 1853.
Another son Arthur was born in September 1856.
Elie Wiesel was born in Sighet (now Sighetu Marmației), Maramureș in the Carpathian Mountains in Romania.
Eventually, they settled in Poughkeepsie, New York, where Ed Wood Jr. was born in 1924.
Francis of Assisi was born in late 1181 or early 1182, one of several children of Pietro di Bernardone, a prosperous silk merchant, and his wife Pica de Bourlemont, about whom little is known except that she was a noblewoman originally from Provence.
Pietro was in France on business when Francis was born in Assisi, and Pica had him baptized as Giovanni.
Friedrich August von Hayek was born in Vienna to August von Hayek and Felicitas Hayek ("née" von Juraschek).
Friedrich's father, from whom he received his middle name, was born in 1871, also in Vienna.
Friedrich's mother was born in 1875 to a wealthy, conservative, land-owning family.
Francis Fukuyama was born in the Hyde Park neighborhood of Chicago.
His mother, Toshiko Kawata Fukuyama, was born in Kyoto, Japan, and was the daughter of Shiro Kawata, founder of the Economics Department of Kyoto University and first president of Osaka City University.
For example, Jean Ritchie (born in 1922) was the youngest child of a large family from Viper, Kentucky that had preserved many of the old Appalachian traditional songs.
One reason he gave decades later is that his children born in the United States had not been recognized as British subjects.
Francis was born in Florence, the capital of Tuscany, where his father reigned as Grand Duke from 1765–90.
Bessel was born in Minden, Westphalia, administrative center of Minden-Ravensberg, as second son of a civil servant.
He was born into a large family in Germany.
He was born in Eschersheim, which belonged to
Hanau at the time but is nowadays a district of Frankfurt am Main.
At the 2012 census, 88.7% of people living in French Polynesia were born in French Polynesia, 8.3% were born in metropolitan France, 1.3% were born in overseas France outside of French Polynesia, and 1.7% were born in foreign countries.
The population of natives of metropolitan France living in French Polynesia has declined in relative terms since the 1980s, but in absolute terms their population peaked at the 2007 census with 24,265 natives of metropolitan France living in French Polynesia that year (not counting their children born in French Polynesia).
Truffaut was born in Paris on 6 February 1932.
A daughter, Liv, had been born just before "Fram" set out; a son, Kåre was born in 1897 followed by a daughter, Irmelin, in 1900 and a second son Odd in 1901.
Lucas subsequently adopted two more children as a single parent: daughter Katie Lucas, born in 1988, and son Jett Lucas, born in 1993.
For example, the musician Jens Lekman was born in the suburb of Angered and named his 2007 release "Night Falls Over Kortedala" after another suburb, Kortedala.
Gothenburg has a population of people born in Sweden of around 75%.
He was born in Geneva in 1857.
Roosevelt was born in Hyde Park, New York, to a family made well known by Theodore Roosevelt, the 26th president of the United States.
Anna, James, and Elliott were born in 1906, 1907, and 1910, respectively.
Another son, also named Franklin, was born in 1914, and the youngest child, John, was born in 1916.
By 1946, the United States had incarcerated 120,000 individuals of Japanese descent, of whom about 80,000 had been born in the United States.
Raymond was born in Boston, Massachusetts, in 1957 and lived in Venezuela as a child.
He was presumably born in the town in which he lived for most of his adult life, Caesarea Maritima.
Eusebius was probably born into the Christian contingent of the city.
Some of the notable environmentalists who have been active in lobbying for environmental protection and conservation include:





</doc>
<doc id="10030" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10030" title="Edmund Burke">
Edmund Burke

Edmund Burke (; 12 January <nowiki>[</nowiki>NS<nowiki>]</nowiki> 17309 July 1797) was an Irish statesman born in Dublin, as well as an author, orator, political theorist and philosopher, who after moving to London in 1750 served as a member of parliament (MP) between 1766 and 1794 in the House of Commons with the Whig Party.
Burke was born in Dublin, Ireland.
Shepard was born in St John's Wood, London.
Fichte was born in Rammenau, Upper Lusatia.
Deutsche Börse's headquarters are formally registered in Frankfurt but it moved most of its employees to a high-rise called "The Cube" in Eschborn in 2010, primarily due to significantly lower local corporate taxes.
Major companies in Eschborn include Ernst & Young, Vodafone Germany, Randstad Holding and VR Leasing.
Deutsche Börse moved most of its employees to Eschborn in 2010.
D'Aguilon was born in Brussels; his father was a secretary to Philip II of Spain.
Marie-Antoine Carême was born in 1784, five years before the Revolution.
Lord Chesterfield, Thomas Gray, George Lyttelton, Thomas Hollis, Metastasio, Benedict XIV and Heinrich von Brühl were among his correspondents

Algarotti was born in Venice as the son of a rich merchant.
Frederick Augustus Washington Bailey was born into slavery on the Eastern Shore of the Chesapeake Bay in Talbot County, Maryland.
He was born in Berlin to Frederick I of Prussia and Sophia Charlotte of Hanover.
His eldest surviving son was Frederick II (Fritz), born in 1712.
Mesmer was born in the village of Iznang, on the shore of Lake Constance in Swabia, Germany, a son of master forester Anton Mesmer (1701—after 1747) and his wife, Maria/Ursula (née Michel; 1701—1770).
Francesco Cossiga was born in Sassari on 26 July 1928, by a republican and anti-fascist middle-bourgeois family.
The 2011 census, called Manntal, shows that 10% were not born in the Faroe Islands, but of these only 3% were born outside the Kingdom of Denmark.
Because the return figure includes children born in Fiji, many of the indentured Indians never returned to India.
At one point, every eighth Finnish child was born in Sweden.
Of these, 182,920 (3.6%) were born outside the EU and 98,380 (1.9%) were born in another EU Member State.
His personal story (a prince born in the poorest "rione" (section of the city) of Naples), his unique twisted face, his special mimic expressions and his gestures created an inimitable personage and made him one of the most beloved Italians of the 1960s.
Enrico Fermi was born in Rome, Italy, on 29 September 1901.
They had two children: Nella, born in January 1931, and Giulio, born in February 1936.
Morricone was born in Rome, the son of Libera Ridolfi and Mario Morricone, a musician.
Boztepe was born in Eskişehir, Turkey, the second of six children.
Edsger W. Dijkstra was born in Rotterdam.
Orthodox Christians believe that Christ Jesus was both God and Man absolutely and completely, having two natures indivisibly: eternally begotten of the Father in his divinity, he was born in his humanity of a woman, Mary, by her consent, through descent of the Holy Spirit.
The Church teaches that everyone, being born in God's image, is called to theosis, fulfillment of the image in likeness to God.
Baudot was born in Magneux, Haute-Marne, France, the son of farmer Pierre Emile Baudot, who later became the mayor of Magneux.
Milgram, who was Jewish, was born in 1933 in the Bronx in New York City, the son of Adele (née Israel) and Samuel Milgram (1902–1953), who had emigrated to the United States from Romania and Hungary respectively during World War I.
He later wrote to a friend from childhood: "I should have been born into the German-speaking Jewish community of Prague in 1922 and died in a gas chamber some 20 years later.
How I came to be born in the Bronx Hospital, I'll never quite understand."
The ISU (International Skating Union) was also born in the Netherlands in 1892.
A daughter of Frederick V of the Palatinate by Elizabeth Stuart, also known as the "Winter King and Queen of Bohemia" for their short rule in that country, Sophia was born in The Wassenaer Hof, The Hague, Dutch Republic, where her parents had fled into exile after the Battle of White Mountain.
This indication that Sappho was born into an aristocratic family is consistent with the sometimes rarefied environments that her verses record.
People diagnosed with schizophrenia are more likely to have been born in winter or spring (at least in the northern hemisphere), which may be a result of increased rates of viral exposures in utero.
Samuel Beckett was born in Dublin on Good Friday, 13 April 1906, to William Frank Beckett, a quantity surveyor and descendant of the Huguenots, and Maria Jones Roe, a nurse, when both were 35.
The stars being born in the Eagle Nebula, added to those with an approximate age of 5 million years have an average temperature of 45,000 kelvins and produce prodigious amounts of radiation that will eventually destroy the dust pillars.
More than 490 NHL players have been born in Saskatchewan, the highest per capita output of any Canadian province, U.S. state, or European country.
Notable NHL figures born in Saskatchewan include Keith Allen, Gordie Howe, Bryan Trottier, Bernie Federko, Clark Gillies, Fern Flaman, Bert Olmstead, Harry Watson, Elmer Lach, Max Bentley, Sid Abel, Doug Bentley, Eddie Shore, Clint Smith, Bryan Hextall, Johnny Bower, Emile Francis, Glenn Hall, Chuck Rayner, Brad McCrimmon, Patrick Marleau, Dave Manson, Theo Fleury, Terry Harper, Wade Redden, Brian Propp, Scott Hartnell, Ryan Getzlaf, and Chris Kunitz.
Sosa was born in the Dominican Republic.
Though born in a Batey community in Consuelo, his officially registered birthplace is San Pedro de Macorís, which was "the largest town nearby.
Lee was born in Atlanta, Georgia, the son of Jacqueline Carroll (née Shelton), a teacher of arts and black literature, and William James Edward Lee III, a jazz musician and composer.
They have one daughter, Satchel, born in 1994, and a son, Jackson, born in 1997.
The official winner, with a record of 38 seconds, was Jury Froeschl, born in Munich.
John Constable, born in 1776, stayed closer to the English landscape tradition, but in his largest "six-footers" insisted on the heroic status of a patch of the working countryside where he had grown up—challenging the traditional hierarchy of genres, which relegated landscape painting to a low status.
Benaud was born in Penrith, New South Wales, in 1930.
In modern era, many Islamic countries have laws that criminalize the act of leaving Islam to someone born in Muslim family, forbid entry to non-Muslims into Mosques, and forbid construction of Church, Synagogue or Temples inside their countries.
He was born in 1207 AD in a northern province of Afghanistan, however, he later had to seek refuge in Turkey following the invasion of Afghanistan by Mongols.
A subsequent study by Murray, based on the Woodcock–Johnson Tests of Cognitive Abilities, estimated that the black-white IQ difference decreased by about one-half of one standard deviation from those born in the 1920s to those born in the second half of the 1960s and early 1970s.
Æthelfrith of Northumbria may have married Acha, who was the mother of his son Oswald (born in about 604), according to Bede.
Foster was born in Calvert, Texas on September 17, 1879.
Calvert was born in Pretoria, South Africa and moved with his parents to England when he was two.
Laennec was born in Quimper (Brittany).
In other versions this is not the case and he is instead born into the yeoman class.
In his preface to the collection Ritson assembled an account of Robin Hood's life from the various sources available to him, and concluded that Robin Hood was born in around 1160, and thus had been active in the reign of Richard I.
He thought that Robin was of aristocratic extraction, with at least 'some pretension' to the title of Earl of Huntingdon, that he was born in an unlocated Nottinghamshire village of Locksley and that his original name was Robert Fitzooth.
Berlusconi was born in Milan in 1936, where he was raised in a middle-class family.
According to the government agency Statistics Sweden, the number of immigrants born in all of Asia (including the Middle East) rose from just 1,000 in 1950 to 295,000 in 2003.
As of 2017, Statistics Sweden reported that around 2,439,007 or 24.1% of the inhabitants of Sweden were from a foreign background: that is, each such person either had been born abroad or had been born in Sweden to two parents who themselves had both been born abroad.
Of these, 859,000 (64.3%) were born outside the EU and 477,000 (35.7%) were born in another EU Member State.
William Crookes (later Sir William Crookes) was born in London, the eldest of 16 siblings.
Bono was born in Detroit, to Santo Bono (born in Montelepre, Palermo, Italy) and Zena "Jean" (née La Valle).
Pepys was born in Salisbury Court, Fleet Street, London on 23 February 1633, the son of John Pepys (1601–1680), a tailor, and Margaret Pepys ("née" Kite; died 1667), daughter of a Whitechapel butcher.
Steve Wozniak was born in San Jose, California, the son of Francis Jacob "Jerry" Wozniak (1925–1994) from Michigan and Margaret Louise Wozniak (née Kern) (1923–2014) from Washington State.
Children of slaves born into families could be integrated into the master's kinship group and rise to prominent positions within society, even to the level of chief in some instances.
Slaves that made it to Haiti from the trans-Atlantic journey and slaves born in Haiti were first documented in Haiti's archives and transferred to France's Ministry of Defense and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
</doc>
<doc id="27563" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=27563" title="Soad Hosny">
Soad Hosny

Soad Muhammad Kamal Hosny was born in Bulaq district in Cairo, Egypt.
Simon was born in Louisville, Kentucky, to Moritz (Morris) Flexner, an immigrant from Neumark, Bohemia, via several years in Strasbourg, France; and Esther from Roden, Germany.
In many of his detective novels, Rex Stout implies that his character Nero Wolfe was born in Montenegro, giving some details of his early life in the Balkans around World War I.
But in 1939's "Over My Dead Body", Wolfe tells an FBI agent that he was born in the United States.
Their daughter Ruth (1901–1972) was born in December 1901.
Emerson was born in Boston, Massachusetts, on May 25, 1803, a son of Ruth Haskins and the Rev.
Another of Emerson's bright and promising younger brothers, Charles, born in 1808, died in 1836, also of tuberculosis, making him the third young person in Emerson's innermost circle to die in a period of a few years.
White Americans who were native-born in the United States and of English ancestry were categorized by him as a separate "race", which he thought had a position of being superior to other nations.
This makes her the first American female sofer to scribe a Sefer Torah; Julie Seltzer was born in Philadelphia and is non-denominationally Jewish.
Khomeini was born in 1902 in Khomeyn, in what is now Iran's Markazi Province.
Ayatollah Khomeini's paternal grandfather, Seyyed Ahmad Musavi Hindi, was born in Kintoor.
Bloch was born in Chicago, the son of Raphael "Ray" Bloch (1884–1952), a bank cashier, and his wife Stella Loeb (1880–1944), a social worker, both of German Jewish descent.
Bressan's contemporary, Thomas Stanesby, was born in Derbyshire but became an instrument maker in London.
The audio recording on which the transcriptions are based may be heard here: The speaker (female) is described as having been born in 1953, and educated at Oxford University.
Lackey was born in West Chester, Pennsylvania and has also lived throughout the US and Europe, Anguilla, Sealand, Dubai, and Iraq.
Rajiv Gandhi was born in Bombay on 20 August 1944 to Indira and Feroze Gandhi.
Their first child, a son, Rahul Gandhi was born in 1970.
Bearden was born in Charlotte, North Carolina.
The cubs stay with their mother until the next litter is born in the following summer.
People born in this year are expected to possess qualities associated with rats, including creativity, intelligence, honesty, generosity, ambition, a quick temper and wastefulness.
People born in a year of the rat are said to get along well with "monkeys" and "dragons", and to get along poorly with "horses".
Jakobson was born in Russia on 11 October 1896 to a well-to-do family of Jewish descent, the industrialist Osip Jakobson and chemist Anna Volpert Jakobson, and he developed a fascination with language at a very young age.
His first wife, who was born in 1908, died in 2000.
He was born in Harbin, China to merchant parents, Ludwig Jacob Pariser and Lia Rubinstein.
It is also the main key song of the bossa nova, a music genre born in Rio.
Giuliani was born in an Italian-American enclave in East Flatbush in the New York City borough of Brooklyn, the only child of working-class parents, Harold Angelo Giuliani (1908–1981) and Helen Giuliani (née D'Avanzo; 1909–2002), both children of Italian immigrants.
Giuliani is of Tuscan origins from his father side, as his paternal grandparents (Rodolfo and Evangelina Giuliani) were born in Montecatini, Tuscany, Italy.
Piano was born in Genoa, Italy, into a family of builders.
Robert Frost was born in San Francisco, California, to journalist William Prescott Frost, Jr., and Isabelle Moodie.
Thomas Sean Connery, named Thomas after his grandfather, was born in Fountainbridge, Edinburgh, Scotland on 25 August 1930.
He is best known for his leadership of Canada during World War I.

Borden was born in Grand-Pré, Nova Scotia.
Writer Karel Čapek was born in Czechoslovakia (Czech Republic).
Bennett was born in Hopewell Hill, New Brunswick, and grew up in nearby Hopewell Cape.
In 2009, foreign-born individuals made up 8% of the total population.
Reincarnation refers to the belief that an aspect of every human being (or all living beings in some cultures) continues to exist after death, this aspect may be the soul or mind or consciousness or something transcendent which is reborn in an interconnected cycle of existence; the transmigration belief varies by culture, and is envisioned to be in the form of a newly born human being, or animal, or plant, or spirit, or as a being in some other non-human realm of existence.
Such souls may "wander among nations" through multiple lives, until they find their way back to Judaism, including through finding themselves born in a gentile family with a "lost" Jewish ancestor.
"Uttarādhyayana-sūtra" 3.3–4 states: "The "jīva" or the soul is sometimes born in the world of gods, sometimes in hell.
The late John Kneubuhl, born in American Samoa, was an accomplished playwright and screenwriter and writer.
Muhammad, the Prophet of Islam, was born in Mecca in about 570 and first began preaching in the city in 610, but migrated to Medina in 622.
The "Sengoku jidai" ("warring states period") was marked by the loosening of samurai culture, with people born into other social strata sometimes making a name for themselves as warriors and thus becoming "de facto" samurai.
The letters became central to Tokugawa-era laws and became required study material for traditional Japanese until World War II:

"First of all, a samurai who dislikes battle and has not put his heart in the right place even though he has been born in the house of the warrior, should not be reckoned among one's retainers ...
Nobushige's brother Takeda Shingen (1521–1573) also made similar observations: "One who was born in the house of a warrior, regardless of his rank or class, first acquaints himself with a man of military feats and achievements in loyalty ... Everyone knows that if a man doesn't hold filial piety toward his own parents he would also neglect his duties toward his lord.
Several people born in foreign countries were granted the title of samurai.
After Bunroku and Keichō no eki, many people born in the Joseon dynasty were brought to Japan as prisoners or cooperators.
When the body dies, Buddhists believe the incorporeal mental processes continue and are reborn in a new body.
He believed that as bodies die, the soul is continually reborn in subsequent bodies and Plato believed this as well, however, he thought that only one part of the soul was immortal ("logos").
Nicolas Léonard Sadi Carnot was born in Paris into a family that was distinguished in both science and politics.
Selim was born in Constantinople (Istanbul), on 28 May 1524, during the reign of his father Suleiman the Magnificent.
Smalley, the youngest of 4 siblings, was born in Akron, Ohio on June 6, 1943 to Frank Dudley Smalley, Jr., and Esther Virginia Rhoads.
Adolph Rickenbacher was born in Basel, Switzerland in 1887 and emigrated to the United States to live with relatives after the death of his parents.
Stickgold was born in Chicago.
Davies was born in Thamesville, Ontario, the third son of William Rupert Davies and Florence Sheppard McKay.
Kubrick was born in the Lying-In Hospital at 307 Second Avenue in Manhattan, New York City, to a Jewish family.
His sister, Barbara Mary Kubrick, was born in May 1934.
One depicts transitions between various stages of man, from ape to "star child", as man is reborn into a new existence, each step shepherded by an enigmatic alien intelligence seen only in its artifacts: a series of seemingly indestructible eons-old black monoliths.
Emperors Hadrian, Trajan, Theodosius I, and the philosopher Seneca were born in Hispania.
In 2013 the same survey (now called the "Where-to-be-born index"), ranked Spain 28th in the world.
She was born in Houston, Texas, and raised in Waco, Texas from 3rd grade through high school; Shannon graduated from Waco High School in 1991.
Frager was a trained psychologist, born in the United States, who converted to Islam in the course of his practice of Sufism and wrote extensively on Sufism and psychology.
He was born in a Berber family, in Aïn Madhi, present-day Algeria and died in Fez, Morocco at the age of 80.
Bastami was born in 804 in Bastam.
Moinuddin Chishti was born in 1141 and died in 1236.
The Persian poet Rumi, who was born in present-day Afghanistan, has become one of the most widely read poets in the United States, thanks largely to the interpretative translations published by Coleman Barks.
Anthony Brooke, who would become Rajah Muda (heir apparent) in 1939, was born in 1912.
Thus, the samba and musical genre was born in the houses of "Tias Baianas" (Bahian aunts) in the beginning of the 20th century, as a descendant of the style lundu of the candomblé de terreiro parties between umbigada (Samba) and capoeira's pernadas, marked in pandeiro, prato-e-faca (plate-and-knife) and in the "palmas", hand claps.
Almost simultaneously, the "samba carioca", which was born in the city center, would climb the slopes of the hills and spread outside the periphery, to the point that, over time, it came to be identified as "samba de morro" (samba from the hills).
A movement was born in the southern area of Rio de Janeiro, strongly influenced by jazz, marking the history of samba and Brazilian popular music in the 1950s.
Sheryl Suzanne Crow was born in Kennett, Missouri, the daughter of Bernice (née Cain), a piano teacher, and Wendell Wyatt Crow, a lawyer and trumpet player.
Whenever a child is born in Japan, a local Shinto shrine adds the child's name to a list kept at the shrine and declares him or her a .
Alexander Hamilton, the first United States Secretary of the Treasury, was born in Nevis; he spent his childhood there and on St. Croix, then belonging to Denmark, and now one of the United States Virgin Islands.
At the 1999 census, 76% of the population was born on the archipelago, while 16.1% were born in metropolitan France, a sharp increase from the 10.2% in 1990.
McCoy was born in Atlanta, Georgia, January 20, 2227.
Sato, born in 2129, is the communications officer aboard the starship "Enterprise (NX-01)", and also a linguist who can speak more than forty languages (polyglotism), including Klingon.
According to a computer bio screen, barely visible in the episode "In a Mirror, Darkly", and taken from the memory banks of the USS "Defiant", Sato was born in Kyoto, Japan.
Due to the very low birth rate, South Korea is predicted to enter a Russian Cross pattern once the large generation born in the 1960s starts to die off, with potentially decades of population decline.
It mates in January–February, with an average of 6-7 pups being born in March, April, and May.
Myers was born in Kansas City, Missouri.
Murdoch's parents were also born in Melbourne.
Torv and Murdoch had three children: Elisabeth Murdoch (born in Sydney, Australia on 22 August 1968), Lachlan Murdoch (born in London, UK on 8 September 1971), and James Murdoch, (born in London on 13 December 1972).
Langlands was born in New Westminster, British Columbia, Canada, in 1936.
Garfield was born in Philadelphia, and spent his childhood in many locations throughout the world as a result of his father's work in architecture.
Carter was born in Ferndale, Michigan.
Johnson was born in Hazlehurst, Mississippi, possibly on May 8, 1911, to Julia Major Dodds (born October 1874) and Noah Johnson (born December 1884).
Folklorist Harry M. Hyatt wrote that, during his research in the South from 1935 to 1939, when African-Americans born in the 19th or early 20th century said they or anyone else had "sold their soul to the devil at the crossroads," they had a different meaning in mind.
The 1920 census gives his age as 7, suggesting he was born in 1912 or 1913.
Kipling wrote of Bombay:
<poem>Mother of Cities to me,
For I was born in her gate,
Between the palms and the sea,
Where the world-end steamers wait.</poem>

According to Bernice M. Murphy, "Kipling’s parents considered themselves 'Anglo-Indians' [a term used in the 19th century for people of British origin living in India] and so too would their son, though he spent the bulk of his life elsewhere.
He was born in Westmoreland County, Virginia to Col. Thomas Lee and Hannah Harrison Ludwell Lee on January 20, 1732.
Bad spirits include perpetual debtors who die in debt, stillborn infants, deceased widows, and foreign tourists.
He was born in Beirut, modern-day Lebanon, to Damascene Syrian parents of the Antiochian Orthodox faith who had come to Beirut fleeing a massacre of Christians in Damascus.
Warren was born in Guthrie, Kentucky, very near the Tennessee-Kentucky border, to Robert Warren and Anna Penn.
Saladin was born in Tikrit in modern-day Iraq.
Saladin's oldest son, al-Afdal, was born in 1170, and Uthman was born in 1172 to Shamsa who accompanied Saladin to Syria.
A letter preserved by Qalqashandi records that a twelfth son was born in May 1178, while on Imad al-Din's list, he appears as Saladin's seventh son.
Mas'ud was born in 1175 and Yaq'ub in 1176, the latter to Shamsa.
Sophocles was born into a wealthy family (his father was an armour manufacturer) and was highly educated.
Suleiman was born in Trabzon along the east coast of the Black Sea to Şehzade Selim (later Selim I), probably on 6 November 1494, although this date is not known with absolute certainty.
Walter was born in a third-floor flat on College Wynd in the Old Town of Edinburgh, a narrow alleyway leading from the Cowgate to the gates of the University of Edinburgh (Old College).
After their third son was born in 1801, they moved to a spacious three-storey house built for Scott at 39 North Castle Street.
The details of her story are unreliable, but according to tradition, Agnes was a member of the Roman nobility, born in AD 291 and raised in an early Christian family.
The data, from almost 10,000 individuals, came from a lifelong UK-wide study of people born in November 1958, known as the National Child Development Study.
At the end of the century, less than 40 per cent of the residents were born in Stockholm.
The authors usually characterized themselves as Africans rather than slaves, as most were born in Africa.
Iris Jharap, born in Paramaribo, played women's One Day International matches for the Dutch national side, the only Surinamer to do so.
MMA and kickboxing champions Melvin Manhoef and Gilbert Yvel were born in Suriname or are of Surinamese descent.
Rayen Simson, another legendary multiple world-champion kickboxer; Remy Bonjasky also a multiple K-1 champion; as well as retired female kickboxer, Ilonka Elmont; notable up-and-comer kickboxer and K-1 fighter, Tyrone Spong; and former Muay Thai champion, Andy Ristie, were born in Suriname.
Andy Warhol (1928–1987), a leading figure in the 20th century visual art movement known as pop art, was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania as "Andrej Varchola" to Slovak parents Ondrej Varchola (1889–1942) and Júlia (née Zavacká, 1892–1972).
Lowth was born in Hampshire, Great Britain, the son of Dr William Lowth, a clergyman and Biblical commentator.
He was born in 1907 as Robin William Askin, but always disliked his first name and changed it by deed poll in 1971.
Robin William Askin was born in Sydney, New South Wales on 4 April 1907 at the Crown Street Women's Hospital, the eldest of three sons of Ellen Laura Halliday (née Rowe) and William James Askin, an Adelaide-born sailor and worker for New South Wales Railways.
Wright was born in Dallas, Texas, to Gayle (Gaston), a cosmetics saleswoman, and Freddie Wright, a pharmaceutical company employee.
Wright and Penn's daughter, Dylan Frances, was born in April 1991.
Wright and Penn's son, Hopper Jack, was born in August 1993.
His final work before his death, "Invariances" (2001), introduced his theory of evolutionary cosmology, by which he argues invariances, and hence objectivity itself, emerged through a theory of evolutionary cosmology across possible worlds..

Nozick was born in Brooklyn to a family of Kohenic descent.
John Ashdown-Hill has suggested that John was conceived during Richard's first solo expedition to the eastern counties in the summer of 1467 at the invitation of John Howard and that the boy was born in 1468 and named after his friend and supporter.
Ronald Harry Coase was born in Willesden, a suburb of London, on 29 December 1910.
He was born in England, where he spent his childhood; before becoming king, however, he lived most of his adult life in the Duchy of Aquitaine, in the southwest of France.
Although he was born in Oxford and brought up in England up to his eighth year, it is not known to what extent he used or understood English; he was an educated man who composed poetry and wrote in Limousin ("") and also in French.
Jordan was born in Charleston, South Carolina.
René Magritte was born in Lessines, in the province of Hainaut, Belgium, in 1898.
Diesel was born in Paris, France in 1858 the second of three children of Elise (née Strobel) and Theodor Diesel.
Rudolf was born in Vienna on 18 July 1552.
They had two sons — Chris, born in 1956, and Theodore (Ted), born in 1958.
Clemens was born in Dayton, Ohio, the fifth child of Bill and Bess (Lee) Clemens.
Reich was born in New York City to the Broadway lyricist June Sillman and Leonard Reich.
According to reports, Pinault is the father of supermodel Linda Evangelista's son, Augustin James, who was born in October 2006.
By far the most competent Serbian scientist on the Dubrovnik language issue, Milan Rešetar, who was born in Dubrovnik himself, wrote behalf of language characteristics: "The one who thinks that Croatian and Serbian are two separate languages must confess that Dubrovnik always (linguistically) used to be Serbian."
Guru Nanak (1469–1539), the founder of Sikhism, was born in the village of "Rāi Bhōi dī Talwandī", now called Nankana Sahib (in present-day Pakistan).
They had twin sons, Geoffrey and Oliver, born in 1930, and until World War Two the family travelled widely to meet the needs of Guy's navy career.
Sabine Baring-Gould was born in the parish of St Sidwell, Exeter on 28 January 1834.
Life expectancy for those born in Scotland between 2012 and 2014 is 77.1 years for males and 81.1 years for females.
Samuel F. B. Morse was born in Charlestown, Massachusetts, the first child of the pastor Jedidiah Morse (1761–1826), who was also a geographer, and his wife Elizabeth Ann Finley Breese (1766–1828).
Prokofiev was born in 1891 in Sontsovka (now Sontsivka, Pokrovsk Raion, Donetsk Oblast, Ukraine), a remote rural estate in the Yekaterinoslav Governorate of the Russian Empire.
Contemporary writers, such as Elizabeth Harrower, were born in the city and thus set most of the work there–Harrower's debut book "Down in the City" (1958) was set in a King's Cross apartment.
Six Australian Prime Ministers have been born in Sydney, more than any other city, including first Prime Minister Edmund Barton and incumbent Malcolm Turnbull.
Stephen Jay Gould was born in Queens, New York.
Worf was born in 2340 on Qo'noS (the Klingon homeworld) as the son of Mogh.
His daughter, Marie Ledin (born in 1957, wife of Swedish star and ABBA concert backing vocalist Tomas Ledin) was also involved in the music industry.
</doc>
<doc id="28360" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=28360" title="Sid James">
Sid James

Sid James (born Solomon Joel Cohen; 8 May 1913 – 26 April 1976) was a British character actor and comedy actor, born in South Africa.
He married Berthe Sadie Delmont, known as Toots, on 12 August 1936 and they had a daughter, Elizabeth, born in 1937.
In 1934 in the Soviet Union, Eisenstein married filmmaker and screenwriter Pera Atasheva (born Pearl Moiseyevna Fogelman; born in 1900, died on 24 September 1965) and remained married until his death in 1948, though there has long been speculation about his sexual orientation.
While those who were born in these towns could technically enjoy all the rights of native French citizens, substantial legal and social barriers prevented the full exercise of these rights, especially by those seen by authorities as full blooded Africans.
Most of the African population of these towns were termed "originaires": those Africans born into the commune, but who retained recourse to African and/or Islamic law (the so-called "personal status").
For instance, sins may cause the "jiva" to be reborn, inter alia, in hell and merits may cause it to be reborn in heaven.
Their first child, Nkosinathi, was born in 1971.
They had two children together: Nkosinathi, born in 1971, and Samora, born in 1975.
Clemente was born in Barrio San Antón, Carolina, Puerto Rico, to Melchor Clemente and Luisa Walker.
The couple had three children: Roberto, Jr., born in 1965, Luis Roberto, born in 1966, and Roberto Enrique, born in 1969.
Reinhard Tristan Eugen Heydrich was born in 1904 in Halle an der Saale to composer and opera singer Richard Bruno Heydrich and his wife, Elisabeth Anna Maria Amalia Heydrich (née Krantz).
The couple had four children: Klaus, born in 1933, killed in a traffic accident in 1943; Heider, born in 1934; Silke, born in 1939; and Marte, born shortly after her father's death in 1942.
Jakob Freud took his wife and two children (Freud's sister, Anna, was born in 1858; a brother, Julius born in 1857, had died in infancy) firstly to Leipzig and then in 1860 to Vienna where four sisters and a brother were born: Rosa (b.
Of the people residing in South Dakota, 65.7% were born in South Dakota, 31.4% were born in another U.S. state, 0.6% were born in Puerto Rico, U.S. Island areas, or born abroad to American parent(s), and 2.3% were born in another country.
According to Ali ibn al-Athir, a Kurdish historian of the 12th century, Charlemagne received the envoys of Sulayman al-Arabi, Husayn, and Abu Taur at the Diet of Paderborn in 777.
Roy Kelton Orbison was born in Vernon, Texas, the middle son of Orbie Lee Orbison (1913–1984), an oil well driller and car mechanic, and Nadine Vesta Shults (July 25, 1913 – May 28, 1992), a nurse.
Siodmak was born in Dresden, Germany, the son of Rosa Philippine (née Blum) and Ignatz Siodmak.
The Jacobean poet John Donne was another notable Englishman born into a recusant Catholic family.
Their son, Jones Harris, was born in Paris that year and Gordon brought him back to New York.
Dawkins was born in Nairobi, then in British Kenya, on 26 March 1941.
The first full-scale working railway steam locomotive was built in the United Kingdom in 1804 by Richard Trevithick, a British engineer born in Cornwall.
Casement was born in Dublin to an Anglo-Irish family, living in very early childhood at Doyle's Cottage, Lawson Terrace, Sandycove.
Solomon was born in Jerusalem, the second born child of David and his wife Bathsheba, widow of Uriah the Hittite.
Citizenship was gained by being born in the republic or by naturalization.
Persons not born in the Republic (Foreigners) could become citizens by taking the prescribed oath and procuring the letters of naturalization.
All citizens who were born in the ZAR or had obtained their franchise prior to 23 June 1890 would have the right to vote for both the first and second volksraad and in all other elections.
The final squad was made up of players born in both Serbia and Montenegro.
Some had been born in Africa before being enslaved and taken to America.
Such imbalance also meant that fewer people were born in early Singapore, and in the first hundred years, most of the Chinese population in Singapore were immigrants.
Antonio Lo Frasso, a poet born in Alghero (a city he remembered fondly) who spent his life in Barcelona, wrote lyric poetry in Sardinian:
 ... "Non podende sufrire su tormentu / de su fogu ardente innamorosu.
Scott Raymond Adams was born in 1957 in Windham, New York, the son of Paul and Virginia (née Vining) Adams.
The couple's biological child, Jonathan Samuel Kent, was born in "Convergence: Superman" #2 (July 2015).
A London tramp born in 1741.
It is known that he was born into a Klingon house (The House of Martok) that was not part of the aristocracy and was raised in the Ket'ha lowlands on the Klingon homeworld of Qo'noS.
She is portrayed as a half-human half-Klingon born in 2346 on the Federation colony Kessik IV.
B'Elanna is portrayed as having been born in 2346 on the Federation colony Kessik IV.
He was born in 2329 on a Federation colony near Cardassian space in the demilitarized zone.
Kes is an Ocampa, a race native to the Delta Quadrant, with a lifespan of only nine years, who was born in 2369.
Lem was born in 1921 in Lwów, interwar Poland (now Lviv, Ukraine).
Their only son, Tomasz, was born in 1968.
Samuel Butler was born in Strensham, Worcestershire, and was the son of a farmer and churchwarden, also named Samuel.
Kenneth was born in Hawthorn on 14 January 1922.
Ian and Heather were both born in Kew, on 12 October 1923 and 3 August 1928, respectively.
A daughter, Roberta, named for Menzies, was born in 1956.
United States Air Force - "Air Combat Command"
Royal Air Force





</doc>
<doc id="26502" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=26502" title="Rumiko Takahashi">
Rumiko Takahashi

Rumiko Takahashi was born in Niigata, Japan.
Hoffmann was born in Złoczów, Poland (now Ukraine), to a Jewish family, and was named in honor of the Norwegian explorer Roald Amundsen.
When Rhys was born in 1132, his father held only the commote of Caeo in Cantref Mawr.
She was born in New York City, attended Vassar College and graduated in 1909.
Khasbulatov was born in Tolstoy-yurt, a village near Grozny, the capital of Chechnya, on November 22, 1942.
He was born into an Illyrian family, the son of Pompeius (born ), nobleman of Dyrrachium, and wife Anastasia Constantina (born ).
Roger Bacon was born in Ilchester in Somerset, England, in the early 13th century, although his date of birth is sometimes narrowed down to , "1213 or 1214", or "1215".
The son of an estate agent from a working-class background, Robert Fripp was born in Wimborne Minster, Dorset, England.
Four fifths of persons with an immigration background were themselves immigrants (first generation foreigners and native-born and naturalised Swiss citizens), whereas one fifth were born in Switzerland (second generation foreigners and native-born and naturalised Swiss citizens).
The year of his birth is uncertain, but many details of his life suggest that he was born in or after 975 in Esztergom.
Stephen's "Lesser Legend" adds that he was born in Esztergom, which implies that he was born after 972 because his father, Géza, Grand Prince of the Hungarians, chose Esztergom as royal residence around that year.
For instance, the first member of the royal family to be named after him, Stephen II, was born in the early 12th century.
Joplin was born into a musical family of railway laborers in Northeast Texas, and developed his musical knowledge with the help of local teachers.
According to author Edward A. Berlin, "One tenacious myth tells us that Joplin was born in Texarkana, Texas, on November 24, 1868.
Consequently, it appears possible that Joplin, born 12 years later, could have been born in Texarkana.
Despite evidence to support such a conclusion, some insist that Joplin was born in Linden, Texas, either in late 1867 or early 1868.
Thomas Edison was born in Milan, Ohio, and grew up in Port Huron, Michigan.
He was the seventh and last child of Samuel Ogden Edison Jr. (1804–1896, born in Marshalltown, Nova Scotia) and Nancy Matthews Elliott (1810–1871, born in Chenango County, New York).
He was born in the manse at Strachan, Aberdeenshire on 26 April 1710, the son of Rev Lewis Reid (1676-1762) and his wife Margaret Gregory, first cousin to James Gregory.
</doc>
<doc id="29222" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29222" title="Sam Loyd">
Sam Loyd

Samuel Loyd (January 30, 1841 – April 10, 1911), born in Philadelphia and raised in New York City, was an American chess player, chess composer, puzzle author, and recreational mathematician.
In 1979, the first recorded litter was born in the United States.
The two brothers were born in Thessalonica, in present-day Greece – Cyril in about 827–828 and Methodius about 815–820.
Members of the upper class are often born into it and are distinguished by immense wealth which is passed from generation to generation in the form of estates.
"Classless society" refers to a society in which no one is born into a social class.
He was born in Focşani, Moldavia (now Romania) to Rabbi Yitzchok Hakohen, a shochet and member of Chabad hasidim.
Robert Cowie, a doctor born in Lerwick published the 1874 work 

Hugh MacDiarmid, the Scots poet and writer lived in Whalsay from the mid-1930s through 1942, and wrote many poems there, including a number that directly address or reflect the Shetland environment such as "On A Raised Beach", which was inspired by a visit to West Linga.
Ballmer was born in Detroit; he was the son of Beatrice Dworkin and Frederic Henry Ballmer (Fritz Hans Ballmer), a manager at the Ford Motor Company.
Thiessen was born in Long Beach, California, the daughter of Robyn (née Ernest), a homemaker, and Frank Thiessen, a park designer and landscape architect.
Rogers was born in Hamilton, Ontario the eldest son of Nathan Allison Rogers and Valerie (née Bushell) Rogers, two Maritimers who had relocated to Ontario in search of work shortly after their marriage in July 1948.
According to his baptismal certificate, she was born in Borówna and worked as a domestic help.
William Jones was born in London at Beaufort Buildings, Westminster; his father William Jones (1675–1749) was a mathematician from Anglesey in Wales, noted for introducing the use of the symbol π.
Stephen was born in the County of Blois in central France; his father, Count Stephen-Henry, died while Stephen was still young, and he was brought up by his mother, Adela, daughter of William the Conqueror.
Stephen was born in Blois in France, in either 1092 or 1096.
Accounts differ regarding whether George was born in Cappadocia or Syria Palaestina, but agree that he was raised at least partly in Lydda in Palestine.
Marcus Opelius Macrinus was born in 164 at Caesarea Mauretaniae (modern day Cherchell, Algeria).
M. Opelius Diadumenianus (Diadumenian) was the son of Macrinus, born in 208.
Steve Bracks was born in Ballarat, where his family owns a fashion business.
), born in Detroit Michigan, was a highly trained Force Recon Marine who was at his most successful point when he saved the President from an attempted assassination.
He was survived by a son, Tristan Lord Gwynne Sutch, born in 1975 to American model Thann Rendessy.
Milligan was born in Ahmednagar, India, on 16 April 1918, the son of an Irish father, Captain Leo Alphonso Milligan, MSM, RA (1890–1969), who was serving in the British Indian Army.
He spoke candidly about his condition and its effect on his life:

As Milligan was not born in the United Kingdom, his claim to British nationality was never clear.
Nicholas was born in January 1962.
Truth was born into slavery in Swartekill, Ulster County, New York, but escaped with her infant daughter to freedom in 1826.
The 2011 census recorded 86,412 Sri Lanka born in Australia.
According to "Timaeus", one of Plato's dialogues, Sardinia and its people as well might have been named after Sardò ("Σαρδώ"), a legendary woman born in Sardis ("Σάρδεις"), capital of the ancient Kingdom of Lydia.
The first European to visit the region was explorer Juan Rodríguez Cabrillo, sailing under the flag of Castile but possibly born in Portugal.
Three of them were born in Mexico.
, more than 80% of Tasmanians were born in the state and almost 90% were born in Australia, New Zealand, Great Britain, or Ireland.
Thales was probably born in the city of Miletus around the mid-620s BC.
Unlike economic problems in Latin America and Africa, they asserted, the Asian financial crisis was born in the private sector and the IMF measures were inappropriate.
Irenaeus (died c. 202), born in the early second century, expressed ideas which explained the existence of evil as necessary for human development.
The "Avesta"—the holy book of Zoroastrianism—was written in the old-Bactrian dialect; it is also thought that Zoroaster was most likely born in Bactria.
The oldest known recipe for sweet iced tea was published in 1879 in a community cookbook called "Housekeeping in Old Virginia" by Marion Cabell Tyree, who was born in Texas.
Henry, his second son, born in 1780, continued the family tradition, and raised his son of the same name into the business.
The patron saint of the city is Saint Lucy; she was born in Syracuse and her feast day, Saint Lucy's Day, is celebrated on 13 December.
Wilhelm Schickard who was the main precursor to the mechanical calculator, was born in nearby Herrenberg.
American soccer coach Sigi Schmid, who has won Major League Soccer championships with the Los Angeles Galaxy and Columbus Crew and was an assistant coach for the U.S. at the 1994 FIFA World Cup, was born in Tübingen and moved to Torrance, California as a child.
Sung Yuri, a South Korean top actress and the youngest member of the K-Pop girl group Fin.K.L., was born in Tübingen in 1981.
Greek singer Despina Vandi was born in Tübingen, although her family moved back to Greece when Vandi was six years old.
Mahmood was born in Amritsar, Punjab, British India to the Punjabi family.
Although "safe sex" is used by individuals to refer to protection against both pregnancy and HIV/AIDS or other STI transmissions, the term was born in response to the HIV/AIDS epidemic.
So, when Khurram was born in 1592 and was only six days old, Akbar ordered that the prince be taken away from his mother and handed him over to Ruqaiya so that he could grow up under her care, and Akbar could fulfill his wife's wish to raise a Mughal emperor.
Bellow's family was Lithuanian-Jewish; his father was born in Vilnius.
Bellow celebrated his birthday in June, although he may have been born in July (in the Jewish community, it was customary to record the Hebrew date of birth, which does not always coincide with the Gregorian calendar).
Days before his death following a car accident an article about him ended: "Cray Research, now owned by Silicon Graphics of Mountain View, Calif., employs 2,000 people in Chippewa Falls, Wis."

Cray was born in 1925 in Chippewa Falls, Wisconsin, to Seymour R. and Lillian Cray.
In the following example, the text 'Paul Schuster was born in Dresden' on a Website will be annotated, connecting a person with their place of birth.
The episode "That '90s Show" (season 19, 2008) contradicted much of the established back-story; for example, it was revealed that Marge and Homer were childless in the early 1990s although past episodes had suggested Bart and Lisa were born in the 1980s.
Lucio Russo claims that science as a unique approach to objective knowledge was born in the Hellenistic period (c. 300 B.C), but was extinguished with the advent of the Roman Empire.
Agnon was born in Polish Galicia, then part of the Austro-Hungarian Empire, and later immigrated to Mandatory Palestine, and died in Jerusalem, Israel.
Shmuel Yosef Halevi Czaczkes (later Agnon) was born in Buczacz (Polish spelling, pronounced "Buchach") or Butschatsch (German spelling), Polish Galicia (then within the Austro-Hungarian Empire), now Buchach, Ukraine.
In his speech at the award ceremony, Agnon introduced himself in Hebrew: "As a result of the historic catastrophe in which Titus of Rome destroyed Jerusalem and Israel was exiled from its land, I was born in one of the cities of the Exile.
But always I regarded myself as one who was born in Jerusalem".
Rampton was born in Long Beach, California.
Nobles were born into a noble family, adopted by a noble family (this was abolished in 1633) or ennobled by a king or Sejm for various reasons (bravery in combat, service to the state, etc.—yet this was the rarest means of gaining noble status).
Low-born individuals, including townsfolk, peasants but not Jews, could and did rise to official ennoblement in Commonwealth society, although Charles-Joseph, 7th Prince of Ligne, when trying to obtain Polish noble status, supposedly said in 1784, ""It is easier to become a duke in Germany, than to be counted among Polish nobles."".
Moon was born in what is now North Korea.
</doc>
<doc id="28761" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=28761" title="Sofonisba Anguissola">
Sofonisba Anguissola

Sofonisba Anguissola ( – 16 November 1625), also known as Sophonisba Angussola or Anguisciola, was an Italian Renaissance painter born in Cremona to a relatively poor noble family.
Sofonisba Anguissola was born in Cremona, Lombardy in 1532, the oldest of seven children, six of whom were girls.
Hector Hugh Munro was born in Akyab, British Burma, which was then still part of the British Raj, and was governed from Calcutta under the authority of the Viceroy of India.
Mudd's ninth child, Mary Eleanor "Nettie" Mudd, was born in 1878.
House was born in the hamlet of Lyon, north of Clarksdale, Mississippi, the second of three brothers, and lived in the rural Mississippi Delta until his parents separated, when he was about seven or eight years old.
Stéphane Mallarmé was born in Paris.
Saddam Hussein Abd al-Majid al-Tikriti was born in the town of Al-Awja, 13 km (8 mi) from the Iraqi town of Tikrit, to a family of shepherds from the al-Begat clan group, a sub-group of the Al-Bu Nasir (البو ناصر) tribe.
Henie was born in 1912 in Kristiania (now Oslo) Norway; she was the only daughter of Wilhelm Henie (1872–1937), a prosperous Norwegian furrier, and his wife, Selma Lochmann-Nielsen (1888–1961).
Serotonin syndrome has been reported in patients of all ages, including the elderly, children, and even newborn infants due to in utero exposure.
Domestically, Jefferson's grandson James Madison Randolph became the first child born in the White House in 1806.
Berners-Lee was born in London, England, United Kingdom, one of four children born to Mary Lee Woods and Conway Berners-Lee.
He was born in Copenhagen, Denmark.
Thomas Henry Huxley was born in Ealing, which was then a village in Middlesex.
He was born in the then Danish peninsula of Scania.
It wouldn't be what it is, and I imagine it wouldn't be so good; putting it as modestly as I can, it wouldn't be what it is if I'd been born in England, and it wouldn't be what it is if I'd stayed in America.
The previous king, George Tupou V, born in 1946, continued to have ultimate control of the government until July 2008.
The previous king, George Tupou V, born in 1946, continued to have ultimate control of the government until July 2008.
Faludi was born in 1959 in Queens, New York, and grew up in Yorktown Heights, New York.
Oswald was apparently born in or around the year 604, since Bede says that he was killed at the age of 38 in 642; Æthelfrith's acquisition of Deira is also believed to have occurred around 604.
Scrooge first hints that he was not born into wealth, as he remembers buying the Hourglass in Morocco when he was a member of a ship's crew as a cabin boy.
According to Don Rosa, Scrooge was born in Scotland in 1867, and earned his Number One Dime (or First Coin) exactly ten years later.
Young, who himself was born in Great Britain, was best known for playing Wilbur Post on the hit television series "Mister Ed" from 1961 to 1965.
Seventeen Roman Emperors were born in the area of modern-day Serbia, second only to contemporary Italy.
Sondheim was born into a Jewish family in New York City, the son of Etta Janet ("Foxy," née Fox; 1897–1992) and Herbert Sondheim (1895–1966).
Bullock was born in Arlington, Virginia.
Bullock announced on April 28, 2010 that she had proceeded with plans to adopt a son born in January 2010 in New Orleans, Louisiana.
However, nearly all freely floating stars, including the Sun, were originally born into embedded clusters that disintegrated.
Nearly all stars in the Galactic field, including the Sun, were initially born in regions with embedded clusters that disintegrated.
She was born in Hongkou District, Shanghai, China, on March 5, 1898, though some biographies give the year as 1897, since Chinese tradition considers one to be a year old at birth.
He was born in Várad (now Oradea in Romania) in 1573, according to the Transylvanian historian, István Szamosközy.
Tahira Tahirova also was born in Turkmenistan.
He reads extensively on a given subject, and the plot develops as he notes inconsistencies, gaps and curious data; regarding his 2001 novel "Declare", he stated,

Powers was born in Buffalo, New York but has lived in California since 1959.
Thomas was born in southwestern Missouri but raised mainly on a farm in the Ozark Mountains a few miles from Rogers, Arkansas, 50 miles further south.
Severus was born in Leptis Magna in the Roman province of Africa.
The main protagonist from the Jonas Jonasson Novel "The Girl Who Saved the King of Sweden", Nombeko Mayeki was born in 1961 in Soweto.
Their first child, Eleanor, was born in 1845, followed by Emma in 1846, Thomas in 1847 and George in 1854.
He was born in the month of uNtulikazi (July) in the year of 1787 near present-day Melmoth, KwaZulu-Natal Province.
Wylie also notes that the Zulu themselves were born in circumstances of threat even before Shaka was born as the Mthethwa, protectors of the small Zulu clan, jockeyed against regional rivals like the Ndwandwe, the Chunu and the Thembu.
Undset was born in Kalundborg, Denmark, but her family moved to Norway when she was two years old.
From London, they returned to Rome, where their first child was born in January 1913.
Raimi was born in Royal Oak, Michigan, to a Conservative Jewish family.
Binning was born in Scotland during the reign of Charles I, ordained in the (Presbyterian) Church of Scotland and died during the time of Oliver Cromwell and the Commonwealth of England.
Their son, John, was born in 1650.
Hugh’s son, John Binning, married Hanna Keir, who was born in Ireland.
Avercamp was born in Amsterdam, where he studied with the Danish-born portrait painter Pieter Isaacks (1569–1625), and perhaps also with David Vinckboons.
Hans Baldung was born in Swabia, Germany around the year 1484 to a family of intellectuals, academics and professionals.
Amin was born in Paghman and educated at Kabul University, after which he started his career as a teacher.
John Ryckman, born in Barton township (where present day downtown Hamilton is), described the area in 1803 as he remembered it: "The city in 1803 was all forest.
According to the 2006 Canadian Census, more than 20 percent of the local population was not born in Canada.
Hamilton was home to 20,800 immigrants who arrived in Canada between 2001 and 2006, half of whom were born in Asia and the Middle East, while nearly one-quarter (23%) were from Europe.
His official biography, which Valaam Monastery published in 1867, said that his pre-monastic name was unknown, but that Herman was born into a merchant’s family in Serpukhov, a city in Moscow Governorate.
Henry Middleton was born in 1717 near Charleston, Province of South Carolina, to Arthur Middleton (1681–1737) and Susan Amory (1690-1722), on the family plantation, "The Oaks".
According to tradition, the Islamic prophet Muhammad was born in Mecca around the year 570.
The disparity between venous and whole blood concentrations is greater when the hematocrit is high, as in newborn infants, or adults with polycythemia.
Trudeau was born in New York City, the son of Jean Douglas (née Moore) and Francis Berger Trudeau, Jr.
While they lived in New York, the Clevelands' first child, Ruth, was born in 1891.
They failed for lack of unity and a national leader, as Illinois governor John Peter Altgeld had been born in Germany and was ineligible to be nominated for president.
Hurst was born in Ashton-under-Lyne, Lancashire, on 8 December 1941.
He is shown alongside fellow 1966 squad member Jimmy Armfield and Simone Perrotta, all World Cup medal winners born in what later became the borough of Tameside whose council commissioned the work.
Gloria Fowles was born in Newark, New Jersey, to Daniel Fowles and Queenie May Proctor.
Of the population in the municipality 43,296 or about 24.3% were born in Geneva and lived there in 2000.
There were 11,757 or 6.6% who were born in the same canton, while 27,359 or 15.4% were born somewhere else in Switzerland, and 77,893 or 43.8% were born outside of Switzerland.
Gerard Manley Hopkins was born in Stratford, Essex (now in Greater London), as the eldest of probably nine children to Manley and Catherine (Smith) Hopkins.
Gram-positive bacteria are capable of causing serious and sometimes fatal infections in newborn infants.
Bernini was born in Naples in 1598 to Angelica Galante and Mannerist sculptor Pietro Bernini, originally from Florence.
Fidel Castro was born in Cuba to a wealthy planter father who was an immigrant from Galicia; Castro's mother was of Galician descent.
Gygax was born in Chicago, the son of Almina Emelie "Posey" (Burdick) and Swiss immigrant and former Chicago Symphony Orchestra violinist Ernst Gygax.
However, as Northcott was born in Victoria, it was not until Sir Eric Woodward's appointment by Queen Elizabeth II in 1957 that the position was filled by a New South Wales-born individual; this practice continued until 1996, when Queen Elizabeth II commissioned as her representative Gordon Samuels, a London-born immigrant to Australia.
Since then, governors have been Australian although several were born overseas, namely Dr Davis McCaughey, born in Ireland, came to Australia for work; and Professor David de Kretser, born in Ceylon (now Sri Lanka), and Alex Chernov, born in Lithuania, both of whom came to Australia while at school.
Deleuze was born into a middle-class family in Paris and lived there for most of his life.
Hackman was born in San Bernardino, California, the son of Eugene Ezra Hackman and Anna Lyda Elizabeth (née Gray).
He has Pennsylvania Dutch (German), English, and Scottish ancestry; his mother was born in Lambton, Ontario.
Mendel was born in a German-speaking family in the Silesian part of the Austrian Empire (today's Czech Republic) and gained posthumous recognition as the founder of the modern science of genetics.
Mendel was born into a German-speaking family in Hynčice ("Heinzendorf bei Odrau" in German), at the Moravian-Silesian border, Austrian Empire (now a part of the Czech Republic).
He was the first emperor of the Year of the Four Emperors, and the last to be born in the first century BC.
The emperors Trajan, Hadrian, and Theodosius I, the philosopher Seneca, and the poets Martial, Quintilian, and Lucan were born in Hispania.
When they were cut off from Spain, the colonies saw a struggle for power between Spaniards who were born in Spain (called "peninsulares") and those of Spanish descent born in New Spain (called "creoles").
in Aragon, the Canaries, Catalonia, Euskadi (the Basque country), Galicia), mostly with seminal ideologies born in the late 19th century, some enjoying relatively important yet wavering support from local population.
Anyone born in Indiana or a resident at the time is considered to be a Hoosier.
The free software movement was born in the early 1980s from followers of the hacker ethic.
Some members of the royal family eventually moved to Ottawa, Ontario, Canada until the Netherlands was liberated; Princess Margriet was born in Canadian exile.
Hypoxia is a common complication of preterm birth in newborn infants.
The pioneering filmmaker Arthur Melbourne-Cooper was born in St Albans in 1874 at 99 London Road.
He was born in what is present day Tunisia.
Cronje was born in Bloemfontein, South Africa to Ewie Cronje and San-Marie Cronje on 25 September 1969.
Herbert Alexander Simon was born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, on June 15, 1916.
Harry Clement Stubbs was born in Somerville, Massachusetts on May 30, 1922.
Laxness was born in 1902 in Reykjavík.
His father, Efim (sometimes spelled Yefim), was a peasant farmer and church elder who had been born in Pokrovskoye in 1842, and married Rasputin's mother, Anna Parshukova, in 1863.
He was born in Oudewater, now located in the province of Utrecht.
He was born in Barcelona by the end of 414.
Their daughter Justa Grata Honoria was probably born in 417 or 418.
Their first child Robert was born in 1803, and in 1804 they moved to West Moor, near Killingworth where George worked as a brakesman at Killingworth Pit.
Their second child, a daughter was born in July 1805.
George Stephenson's daughter was born in 1805 but died within weeks of her birth.
Lineker was born in Leicester, the son of Margaret P. (Abbs) and Barry Lineker.
Hopper was born in New York City.
There have been only Australian occupants since then, although Sir Ninian Stephen (1982–89) had been born in Britain.
Rietveld was born in Utrecht in 1888 as the son of a joiner.
Ernst Stavro Blofeld, the supervillain in the James Bond novels, was born in Gdynia on May 28, 1908, according to "Thunderball".
George Peppard, Jr. was born in Detroit, Michigan, the son of building contractor George Peppard, Sr. and opera singer Vernelle Rohrer.
George Vancouver was born in the seaport town of King's Lynn (Norfolk, England) on 22 June 1757 as the sixth, and youngest, child of John Jasper Vancouver, a Deputy Collector of Customs, and Bridget Berners.
Therein, it is presented as an "additional verse... though being of temporary application only... stored in the memory of an old friend... who was born in the very year 1745, and was thus the associate of those who heard it first sung", the lyrics given being:

The 1836 article and other sources make it clear that this verse was not used soon after 1745, and certainly before the song became accepted as the British national anthem in the 1780s and 1790s.
France international and RC Toulon centre Mathieu Bastareaud (cousin of footballer William Gallas) was born in Guadeloupe.
Bodybuilder Serge Nubret was born in Anse-Bertrand, Grande-Terre, representing the French state in various bodybuilding competitions throughout the 1960s and 1970s including the IFBB's Mr. Olympia contest, taking 3rd place every year from 1972 to 1974, and 2nd place in 1975.
Parsons was born in Winter Haven, Florida, and developed an interest in country music while attending Harvard University.
George Washington Carver was born into slavery in Diamond Grove, Newton County, near Crystal Place, now known as Diamond, Missouri, some time in the early-mid 1860s.
Gavrilo Princip was born in the remote hamlet of Obljaj, near Bosansko Grahovo, on .
The novel included a foreword by Havelock Ellis and was intended to be a call for tolerance for inverts by publicizing their disadvantages and accidents of being born inverted.
Anyone may live in an open market property, but local market properties can only be lived in by those who qualify – either through being born in Guernsey (to at least one local parent), by obtaining a housing licence, or by virtue of sharing a property with someone who does qualify (living "en famille").
Those who have a parent or grandparent born in the United Kingdom itself (England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland), or who have lived in the United Kingdom for 5 years, are not subject to this restriction.
Mabel Collins (1851–1927), a theosophist and prolific author, was born in St Peter Port, Guernsey.
This included local born widows and local born children of "foreign" men and people who, whilst not born in Guernsey, had resided in Guernsey for over 50 years.
The WHO's estimate of life expectancy for a female child born in 2008 was 49 years, and 47 years for a boy.
She was also unique in being white, Jewish and a naturalized citizen (born in the United States).
Walpole was born in London, the youngest son of British Prime Minister Sir Robert Walpole and his wife Catherine.
Engdahl was born in Karlskrona, Blekinge, Sweden.
He was born in Namsos, Norway, received his education from Bergen Katedralskole and the Norwegian Institute of Technology, and has worked for Norsk Data, UNINETT, EDB Maxware and Cisco Systems, Inc..
Howard Carter was born in Kensington on 9 May 1874, the son of Samuel John Carter, an artist, and Martha Joyce Carter (née Sands).
Gareth Barry, who holds the record number of appearances in the Premier League, was born in Hastings.
These included the 13th amendment, banning slavery, the 14th amendment, assuring full citizenship and civil rights to all people born in the United States, and the 15th amendment, guaranteeing African Americans the right to vote.
He is the only president born in that state, and the first born west of the Mississippi River.
Hoover's mother, Hulda Randall Minthorn (1849–1884), was born in Norwich, Ontario, Canada and was of English and Irish ancestry.
Today, Leefbaar Hilversum has been reduced to only 1 seat, but some other parties have their origins in Leefbaar Hilversum:

Notable people born in Hilversum:



</doc>
<doc id="13688" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13688" title="The Hound of Heaven">
The Hound of Heaven

"The Hound of Heaven" is a 182-line poem written by English poet Francis Thompson (1859–1907).
Chadwick was born in Exeter, England.
Davy was born in Penzance, Cornwall in England on 17 December 1778.
The Party’s strength was in the Chinese-dominated trade unions, particularly in Singapore, and in the Chinese schools, where the teachers, mostly born in China, saw the Communist Party of China as the leader of China’s national revival.
Jesus was born in the last years of Herod's rule, probably in the Judean city of Bethlehem.
The largest horse in recorded history was probably a Shire horse named Mammoth, who was born in 1848.
Foals are usually born in the spring.
Ebbinghaus was born in Barmen, in the Rhine Province of the Kingdom of Prussia, as the son of a wealthy merchant, Carl Ebbinghaus.
Kelly was born in the East Liberty neighborhood of Pittsburgh.
His father was born in Peterborough, Ontario, Canada, to an Irish Canadian family.
Tracy "Ice-T" Morrow, was born in Newark, New Jersey, in 1958.
By contrast, other rappers like Eminem and DMX enjoyed commercial success in the late 1990s by rapping about ever-more macabre tales of death and violence, maintaining commercial relevance by attempting to be controversial and subversive, growing on the Horrorcore rap style born in the late 1980s.
David Hilbert defended it from its critics by declaring:

Georg Cantor was born in 1845 in the western merchant colony of Saint Petersburg, Russia, and brought up in the city until he was eleven.
They had six children, the last (Rudolph) born in 1886.
His mother, Maria Anna Böhm, was an Austro-Hungarian born in Saint Petersburg and baptized Roman Catholic; she converted to Protestantism upon marriage.
Specifically, Cantor states in describing his father: "Er ist aber in Kopenhagen geboren, von israelitischen Eltern, die der dortigen portugisischen Judengemeinde..." ("He was born in Copenhagen of Jewish (lit: "Israelite") parents from the local Portuguese-Jewish community.")
Gary Wayne Coleman was born in Zion, Illinois, outside Chicago, on February 8, 1968.
The Immigration and Nationality Act of 1952, section 307, granted U.S. citizenship to "all persons born in the island of Guam on or after April 11, 1899.
Mary Ann Evans was born in Nuneaton, Warwickshire, England.
Telemann was born in Magdeburg, then the capital of the Duchy of Magdeburg, Brandenburg-Prussia.
Their daughter was born in January 1711.
After Ira and George, another boy Arthur Gershwin (1900–1981), and a girl Frances Gershwin (1906–1999) were born into the family.
G. N. Lewis was born in 1875 in Weymouth, Massachusetts.
Lewis was born in 1875 and raised in Weymouth, Massachusetts, where there exists a street named for him, G.N.
Granholm was born in Canada.
Former Governor George Romney was born in Mexico.
Gilbert was born in London on 18 November 1836.
Sullivan was born in London on 13 May 1842.
Noël Coward wrote: "I was born into a generation that still took light music seriously.
First appearance: June 19, 1978
Garfield is an orange, fuzzy tabby cat born in the kitchen of an Italian restaurant (later revealed in the television special "" to be Mama Leoni's Italian Restaurant) who immediately ate all the pasta and lasagna in sight, thus developing his love and obsession for lasagna and pizza.
Chapman was born in Leicester and was raised in Melton Mowbray.
He had an elder brother, John, who was born in 1936.
Busey was born in Goose Creek, Texas, the son of Sadie Virginia (née Arnett), a homemaker, and Delmer Lloyd Busey, a construction design manager.
He was born in Valdicastello (part of Pietrasanta), a small town in the Province of Lucca in the northwest corner of the region of Tuscany.
Those who accumulate good karma may be reborn in one of them.
For a monk, the next best thing to Nirvana is to be reborn in this Brahmāloka.
Any Buddhist reborn in this realm can outshine any of the previously dwelling denizens because of the extra merit acquired for following the Buddha's teachings.
In March 1913, an anarchist, Alexandros Schinas, assassinated King George in Thessaloniki, and his son came to the throne as Constantine I. Constantine was the first Greek king born in Greece and the first to be Greek Orthodox by birth.
Rollins was born in Washington, D.C., the only child of Iris and Paul Garfield.
Melville was born in New York City, the third child of a merchant in French dry goods and his wife.
Schliemann was born in Neubukow, Mecklenburg-Schwerin (part of the German Confederation), in 1822.
Ekaterina and Heinrich had a son, Sergey, and two daughters, Natalya and Nadezhda, born in 1855, 1858, and 1861, respectively.
Some claims were established early and repeated often - that Homer was blind (taking as self-referential a passage describing the blind bard Demodocus), that he was born in Chios, that he was the son of the river Meles and a nymph, that he was a wandering bard, that he composed a varying list of other works (the Homerica), that he died either in Ios or after failing to solve a riddle set by fishermen, and various explanations for the name 'Homer'.
Gernsback was born in 1884 in Luxembourg City, to Berta (Dürlacher), a housewife, and Moritz Gernsbacher, a winemaker.
On January 3, 1825, the Harmonists and Robert Owen, a Welsh-born industrialist and social reformer, came to a final agreement for the sale of the Society's land and buildings in Indiana for $150,000.
Christophe Jaffrelot states that modern Hindu nationalism was born in Maharashtra, in the 1920s, as a reaction to the Islamic Khilafat Movement wherein Indian Muslims championed and took the cause of the Turkish Ottoman sultan as the Caliph of all Muslims, at the end of the World War I. Hindus viewed this development as one of divided loyalties of Indian Muslim population, of pan-Islamic hegemony, and questioned whether Indian Muslims were a part of an inclusive anti-colonial Indian nationalism.
He was probably born in the town of Trujillo, in present-day Extremadura, Spain, in the first years of the 16th century and traveled to the Spanish colonies in the Americas as a young man.
Hipparchus was born in Nicaea, Bithynia (now İznik, Turkey), and probably died on the island of Rhodes.
There is a strong tradition that Hipparchus was born in Nicaea (Greek "Νίκαια"), in the ancient district of Bithynia (modern-day Iznik in province Bursa), in what today is the country Turkey.
Within this environment, defined by the confluence of Swiss patriotism and humanism, Zwingli was born in 1484.
On 15 August 1524 the council insisted on the obligation to baptise all newborn infants.
Some Phocean great navigators, such as Pytheas, were born in Marseille.
For instance, generals Marcus Antonius Primus and Gnaeus Julius Agricola were both born in Gaul, as were emperors Claudius and Caracalla.
Holy Roman Emperor Charles V (born in 1500) quipped, "I speak Spanish to God, Italian to women, French to men, and German to my horse."
He was born in Harburg upon Elbe and died in Munich.
Hans Gerhard Creutzfeldt was born into a medical family in Harburg, which was incorporated into Hamburg in 1937.
The son of Nero Claudius Drusus and Antonia Minor, Germanicus was born into an influential branch of the patrician "gens Claudia".
Germanicus was born in Rome on 24 May 15 BC to Nero Claudius Drusus and Antonia Minor, and had two younger siblings: a sister, Livilla; and a brother, Claudius.
</doc>
<doc id="12481" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12481" title="Giovanni Aldini">
Giovanni Aldini

Giovanni Aldini (April 10, 1762 – January 17, 1834), was an Italian physicist born in Bologna.
He was born in Leno near Brescia in Italy, at the time part of the Republic of Venice, and died at Yanping in China.
Gioachino Antonio Rossini was born into a family of musicians in Pesaro, a town on the Adriatic coast of Italy that was then part of the Papal States.
Agricola was born in the "colonia" of Forum Julii, Gallia Narbonensis (now Fréjus, France).
Gustav Klimt was born in Baumgarten, near Vienna in Austria-Hungary, the second of seven children—three boys and four girls.
Marx stated that he was born in a room above a butcher's shop on East 78th Street, "Between Lexington & 3rd", as told to Dick Cavett in a 1969 television interview.
In Italy, Vannoccio Biringuccio, born in 1480, was a member of the guild "Fraternita di Santa Barbara" but broke with the tradition of secrecy by setting down everything he knew in a book titled "De la pirotechnia", written in vernacular.
His mother Emma was half-Swedish—Gary's grandmother was born in Långbäck, Sweden, in Skellefteå Municipality but emigrated to Canada at 23 years of age.
Keillor was born in Anoka, Minnesota, the son of Grace Ruth ("née" Denham) and John Philip Keillor.
Carangi was born in Philadelphia, the third and youngest child of Joseph Carangi, a restaurant owner, and Kathleen Carangi ("née" Adams), a homemaker.
Elvira became pregnant by Puccini, and their son, Antonio (1886–1946), was born in Monza.
Guy Fawkes was born in 1570 in Stonegate, York.
Gary Sherman Snyder was born in San Francisco, California to Harold and Lois Hennessy Snyder.
She had been born in the third generation of a successful Japanese-American farming family, noted for its excellent rice.
A female named Jia Jia was the oldest giant panda ever in captivity, born in 1978 and died at an age of 38 on 16 October 2016.
</doc>
<doc id="12719" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12719" title="Gustave de Molinari">
Gustave de Molinari

Gustave de Molinari (; 3 March 1819 – 28 January 1912) was a political economist and classical liberal theorist born in Liège, in the Walloon region of Belgium, and was associated with French "laissez-faire" economists such as Frédéric Bastiat and Hippolyte Castille.
However, the number of births doubled in the decade between 2001-2011, largely due to an increase in the number of children born in Hong Kong to women with residence in Mainland China.
All people of Chinese descent, who were born in Hong Kong on or before 30 June 1997, had access to only British nationality.
Hong Kong residents who were born in Hong Kong in the British-administered era could acquire the British Dependent Territories citizenship.
Hong Kong residents who were not born in Hong Kong could also naturalize as a BDTC before the handover.
Hong Kong residents who were not born in Hong Kong (and had not naturalised as a BDTC) could only apply for the Certificate of identity (CI) from the colonial government as travel document.
born in mainland China or Macau) and are permanent residents of Hong Kong are now eligible for the HKSAR passports, making the HKSAR passports more popular.
Recent changes to India's Citizenship Act, 1955 (see Indian nationality law) will also allow some children of Indian origin, born in Hong Kong after 7 January 2004], who have a solely BN(O) parent to automatically acquire British Overseas citizenship at birth under the provisions for reducing statelessness in article 6(2) or 6(3) of the Hong Kong (British Nationality) Order 1986].
Gadamer was born in Marburg, Germany, the son of Johannes Gadamer (1867–1928), a pharmaceutical chemistry professor who later also served as the rector of the University of Marburg.
Aaron was born in 1963 and died in 1977; the book was published in 1981.
Based on Thiele's dating, Hezekiah was born in c. 741 BC.
Holt was born in Sydney, but lived in Melbourne from a young age.
He was the first prime minister born in the 20th century.
Holt was born in Sydney on 5 August 1908, in his parents' home at 58 Cavendish Street, Stanmore.
He was the first of two sons born to Thomas James Holt and the former Olive May Pearce; his younger brother Clifford was born in 1910.
Holt's mother was born in Eudunda, South Australia, and had Cornish, English, German, and Irish ancestry; her sister was the actress Vera Pearce.
Holt was the first Australian prime minister born in the 20th century and the first born after federation.
Tom Holt married Lola in 1936, and their daughter Frances (Harold's half-sister) was born in 1940; Tom Holt died in 1945.
Holt was the first Prime Minister born in the twentieth century.
The Persian king, Abbas was born in Herat, and in Safavid texts, Herat is referred to as "a'zam-i bilād-i īrān", meaning "the greatest of the cities of Iran".
Purcell was born in St Ann's Lane, Old Pye Street Westminster – the area of London later known as Devil's Acre – in 1659.
His eldest son was born in this same year, but he was short-lived.
Most speakers born in the 1980s or later are showing fewer features of the twentieth-century mainstream supraregional form and more characteristics of an advanced supraregional variety that aligns clearly with the rapidly spreading new Dublin accent (see more above, under "Non-local Dublin English").
His father, William Ford (1826–1905), was born in County Cork, Ireland, to a family that was originally from Somerset, England.
His mother, Mary Ford (née Litogot; 1839–1876), was born in Michigan as the youngest child of Belgian immigrants; her parents died when she was a child and she was adopted by neighbors, the O'Herns.
Slaves that made it to Haiti from the trans-Atlantic journey and slaves born in Haiti were first documented in Haiti's archives and transferred to France's Ministry of Defense and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
In the 1950s, the power of the plantation owners was broken by the descendants of immigrant laborers, who were born in Hawaii and were U.S. citizens.
The average projected lifespan of people born in Hawaii in 2000 is 79.8 years; 77.1 years if male, 82.5 if female—longer than the average lifespan of any other U.S. state.
About 82.2% of the state's residents were born in the United States.
Handel was born in 1685 in Halle-upon-Saale, Duchy of Magdeburg, to Georg Händel and Dorothea Taust.
Palestrina was born in the town of Palestrina, near Rome, then part of the Papal States.
Geoffrey Chaucer was born in London sometime around 1343, though the precise date and location of his birth remain unknown.
It was here that their first child, Harold Ennis Gardner, was born in 1870.
It was here that their second child, Robert "Bob" Marshall Gardner, was born in 1874.
A fourth child, Francis Douglas Gardner, was then born in 1886.
Only after the Prince of Wales had been born in June, however, and many suspected he was supposititious, did the Immortal Seven (who consisted of one bishop and six nobles) decide to comply, with the letter to William dated 18 June (Julian calendar), reaching him in The Hague on 30 June, and dispatched by Rear Admiral Herbert, disguised as a common sailor.
The generation born in Germany attended German schools, but had a poor command of either German or Turkish, and had either low-skilled jobs or were unemployed.
The NHS for example would distribute baby formula milk fortified with vitamins and minerals in an effort to improve the health of children born in the post war years as well as other supplements such as cod liver oil and malt.
He was born in London, one of seventeen children of Joshua Mayhew.
Cortés was born in 1485 in the town of Medellín, in modern-day Extremadura, Spain.
His father, Martín Cortés de Monroy, born in 1449 to Rodrigo or Ruy Fernández de Monroy and his wife María Cortés, was an infantry captain of distinguished ancestry but slender means.
Helen Gandy was born in Rockville, New Jersey, one of three children (two daughters and a son) born to Franklin Dallas and Annie (née Williams) Gandy.
Secombe was born in St Thomas, Swansea, the third of four children of Nellie Jane Gladys (née Davies), a shop manageress, and Frederick Ernest Secombe, a grocer.
The elections have been full of controversies, including questions about whether Azcona was born in Honduras or Spain, and whether Maduro should have been able to stand given he was born in Panama.
Henry was probably born in England in 1068, in either the summer or the last weeks of the year, possibly in the town of Selby in Yorkshire.
The couple soon had two children, Matilda, born in 1102, and William Adelin, born in 1103; it is possible that they also had a second son, Richard, who died young.
Many of the officials that ran Henry's system were termed "new men", relatively low-born individuals who rose through the ranks as administrators, managing justice or the royal revenues.
He was born in that city, the son of German immigrants from the Palatinate who came independently to the United States in the early 1840s.
Henry John Heinz was born in Pittsburgh on October 11, 1844, the son of German immigrants John Henry Heinz (1811–1891), of Kallstadt, Palatinate, Kingdom of Bavaria, and Anna Margaretha Schmidt (1822–1899), of Kruspis, Haunetal, Hesse-Kassel.
The Heinz company was founded by and is named for Henry J. Heinz, who was born in the United States to German immigrants.
Heinrich Luitpold Himmler was born in Munich on 7 October 1900 into a conservative middle-class Roman Catholic family.
Heinrich Rudolf Hertz was born in 1857 in Hamburg, then a sovereign state of the German Confederation, into a prosperous and cultured Hanseatic family.
He was born in Thonon-les-Bains, Haute-Savoie.
Hans Christian Andersen was born in Odense, Denmark on 2 April 1805.
Wayne Woodard (the name is sometimes mistakenly rendered as "Woodward") was born in Kansas City, Missouri.
Herman Brood was born in Zwolle, and started playing the piano at age 12.
Bergson was born in the Rue Lamartine in Paris, not far from the Palais Garnier (the old Paris opera house) in 1859.
Selye was born in Vienna, Austria-Hungary on 26 January 1907.
Aaron was born in Mobile, Alabama, to Herbert Aaron, Sr. and Estella Aaron.
While he was born in a section of Mobile referred to as "Down the Bay", he spent most of his youth in Toulminville.
Thompson was born into a middle-class family in Louisville, Kentucky, the first of three sons of Virginia Ray Davison (1908, Springfield, Kentucky – March 20, 1998, Louisville), who worked as head librarian at the Louisville Free Public Library and Jack Robert Thompson (September 4, 1893, Horse Cave, Kentucky – July 3, 1952, Louisville), a public insurance adjuster and World War I veteran.
Giger was born in 1940 in Chur, capital city of Graubünden, the largest and easternmost Swiss canton.
Berry's maternal grandmother, Nellie Dicken, was born in Sawley, Derbyshire, England, while her maternal grandfather, Earl Ellsworth Hawkins, was born in Ohio.
Koch was born in Clausthal, Germany, on 11 December 1843, to Hermann Koch and Mathilde Julie Henriette Biewand.
Alexander was born in London, England, to aristocratic parents and was educated at Harrow before moving on to the Royal Military College, Sandhurst, for training as an army officer of the Irish Guards.
Alexander was born in London into an aristocratic family from County Tyrone of Ulster-Scots descent.
Henry G. J. Moseley, known to his friends as Harry, was born in Weymouth in Dorset in 1887.
Harry was born in the Lindo Wing of St Mary's Hospital in Paddington, London, on 15 September 1984 at 4:20 pm as the second child of Charles, Prince of Wales, heir apparent to Queen Elizabeth II, and Diana, Princess of Wales.
Edgerton was born in Fremont, Nebraska, on April 6, 1903, the son of Mary Nettie Coe and Frank Eugene Edgerton, a descendant of Richard Edgerton, one of the founders of Norwich, Connecticut and a descendant of Governor William Bradford (1590–1657) of the Plymouth Colony and a passenger on the Mayflower.
She was born in Aurora, Nebraska on September 8, 1903 and died on March 9, 2002 in Charlestown, South Carolina.
Lessing was born in Kamenz, a small town in Saxony, to Johann Gottfried Lessing and Justine Salome Feller.
Their father was from Croatian Zagorje, specifically Sveti Petar Čvrstec village near Križevci, while their mother was born in Virovitica to parents that had shortly before her birth arrived in the nearby village of Čemernica, settling there from the village of Kazanci near Gacko in eastern Herzegovina.
Goran, their first child, was born in 1950 in Sarajevo.
The couple has three daughters: Ema (born in March 1995), Una (February 2002), and Lulu (May 2004).
He was born in September AD 129.
Gustav Kirchhoff was born in Königsberg, Prussia, the son of Friedrich Kirchhoff, a lawyer, and Johanna Henriette Wittke.
Chesterton was born in Campden Hill in Kensington, London, the son of Marie Louise, née Grosjean, and Edward Chesterton.
Goren was born in Chotin, Maldova, and was moved to Philadelphia with his father and brother, Jacob and Edward, at age 3.
Ryman was born in Canada and moved to the United States at age 11.
The expectant fathers feared that if more sons were born in the surrounding community, then they themselves would be more likely to have a daughter.
While the Trivers–Willard hypothesis predicts that birth sex is dependent on living conditions, stating that more male children are born in good living conditions, while more female children are born in poorer living conditions, the probability of having a child of either sex is still regarded as near 50%.
He was born in Venice, the eldest son of Alvise Contarini, of the ancient noble House of Contarini, and his wife Polissena Malpiero.
Brundtland was born in Oslo in 1939, the daughter of physician and politician Gudmund Harlem.
Zamfir was born in Găeşti, Romania, on April 6, 1941.
His son Ianis, who is also a footballer was born in Istanbul, Turkey, when he was playing for Galatasaray SK.
Banks was born in Sheffield, West Riding of Yorkshire, and brought up in the working-class area of Tinsley.
Marconi was born into the Italian nobility as Guglielmo Giovanni Maria Marconi in Bologna on 25 April 1874, the second son of Giuseppe Marconi (an Italian aristocratic landowner from Porretta Terme) and his Irish/Scot wife Annie Jameson (daughter of Andrew Jameson of Daphne Castle in County Wexford, Ireland and granddaughter of John Jameson, founder of whiskey distillers "Jameson & Sons").
Kroto was born in Wisbech, Cambridgeshire, England, to Edith and Heinz Krotoschiner, with his name being of Silesian origin.
Both of his parents were born in Berlin and fled to Great Britain in the 1930s as refugees from Nazi Germany; his father was Jewish.
Amund Sjøbrend, Ådne Sønderål and Eskil Ervik have all been members of the local club Hamar IL, although they were not born in Hamar.
Krush was born in Odessa, USSR (now Ukraine).
The figures include more than half a million children born in Italy to foreign nationals—second generation immigrants, but exclude foreign nationals who have subsequently acquired Italian citizenship; In 2016, about 201,000 people acquired Italian citizenship (130,000 in 2014).
Henri Chopin was born in Paris,18 June 1922, one of three brothers, and the son of an accountant.
The Horned God is born in winter, impregnates the Goddess and then dies during the autumn and winter months and is then reborn by the Goddess at Yule.
Lovecraft was born in Providence, Rhode Island, where he spent most of his life.
Lovecraft was born in his family home on August 20, 1890, in Providence, Rhode Island.
Therefore, anyone born in Northern Ireland who meets the requirements for being an Irish citizen, such as birth on the island of Ireland to an Irish or British citizen parent or a parent who is entitled to live in Northern Ireland or the Republic without restriction on their residency, may exercise an entitlement to Irish citizenship, such as an Irish passport.
Well known Irish poets include Patrick Kavanagh, Thomas McCarthy, Dermot Bolger, and Nobel Prize in Literature laureates William Butler Yeats and Seamus Heaney (born in Northern Ireland but resided in Dublin).
The phenomenon of migration from Ireland is recorded since early Medieval times, but it is only possible to quantify it from around 1700: since then between 9 and 10 million people born in Ireland have emigrated.
People of the Irish diaspora who were not born in Ireland but who identify as Irish are sometimes labelled as "Plastic Paddies".
The 2001 UK Census states that 869,093 people born in Ireland are living in Great Britain.
More than 10% of those born in the United Kingdom have at least one grandparent born in Ireland.
According to the 2001 census, around 850,000 people in Britain were born in Ireland.
Creator of the Argentine Navy ("Armada de la República Argentina", ARA) and leader of the Argentine Armed Forces in the wars against Brazil and Spain, he was born in Foxford, County Mayo on 22 June 1777 and died in Buenos Aires in 1857.
Robert Kennedy, born in Cultra, County Down, was the Government of Bermuda's "Colonial Secretary", and was the acting Governor of Bermuda on three occasions (1829, 1830 and 1835–1836).
Private Joseph McDaniel of the 30th Regiment of Foot (who was born in the East Indies to an Irish father and a Malay mother) was convicted of the murder of Mary Swears in June, 1837, after he had been found with a self-inflicted wound and her lifeless body.
The 2001 Census recorded 50,320 Irish-born in Australia, although this is a minimal figure as it only includes those who wrote in "Ireland" or "Republic of Ireland" as their country of birth.
Nevertheless, the number of persons born in Ireland, north and south, resident in Australia in 2001 may be confidently extrapolated at around 75,000.
</doc>
<doc id="13572" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13572" title="Henry VII">
Henry VII

Henry VII may refer to:



</doc>
<doc id="13574" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13574" title="Herodotus">
Herodotus

Herodotus (; , "Hêródotos", ) was a Greek historian who was born in Halicarnassus in the Persian Empire (modern-day Bodrum, Turkey) and lived in the fifth century BC ( 484– 425 BC), a contemporary of Thucydides, Socrates, and Euripides.
Herodotus wrote his "Histories" in the Ionian dialect, yet he was born in Halicarnassus, which was a Dorian settlement.
Hesse's father, Johannes Hesse, the son of a doctor, was born in 1847 in the Estonian town of Paide (Weissenstein).
Theatre in its western form was born in Greece.
The Italian Petrarch (Francesco di Petracco), deemed the first full-blooded Humanist, wrote in the 1330s: "I am alive now, yet I would rather have been born in another time."
Matteo Palmieri wrote in the 1430s: "Now indeed may every thoughtful spirit thank god that it has been permitted to him to be born in a new age."
Howard Winchester Hawks was born in Goshen, Indiana, the first-born child of Frank W. Hawks (1865–1950), a wealthy paper manufacturer, and his wife, Helen (née Howard; 1872–1952), the daughter of a wealthy industrialist.
Gustave Eiffel was born in Burgundy, France, in the city of Dijon, Côte-d'Or, the first child of Catherine-Mélanie (née Moneuse) and Alexandre Bönickhausen ().
This makes Whipple the only Nobel laureate born in New Hampshire, and the first of several Nobel laureates affiliated with the University of Rochester.
Pólya was born in Budapest, Austria-Hungary to Anna Deutsch and Jakab Pólya, Hungarian Jews who had converted to the Roman Catholic faith in 1886.
He was born in Florence or in a village near Certaldo where his family was from.
Illegitimate children born in the Iron Islands are given the surname Pyke.
As with Westerosi customs to give bastards a surname showing their origins, illegitimate children born in the Riverlands are given the surname Rivers.
Illegitimate children born in the Vale are given the surname Stone.
As with Westerosi customs to give bastards a surname showing their origins, illegitimate children born in the Westerlands are given the surname Hill.
Illegitimate children born in the Reach are given the surname Flowers.
Illegitimate children born in the Stormlands are given the surname Storm.
The illegitimate children born in the Crownlands are given the surname Waters.
Unlike most of the rest of Westeros, illegitimate children born in Dorne are treated nearly the same as legal offspring and given the surname Sand, as with Westerosi customs to give bastards a surname showing their origins.
Glenn Theodore Seaborg was born in Ishpeming, Michigan, on April 19, 1912, the son of Herman Theodore (Ted) and Selma Olivia Erickson Seaborg.
Coriolis was born in Paris in 1792.
He was born in Ansbach, the third of eight sons of Margrave Frederick the Elder and his wife Sophia of Poland, daughter of Casimir IV of Poland and Elisabeth of Habsburg.
He was born in Pavia, Lombardy, the illegitimate child of Fazio Cardano, a mathematically gifted jurist, lawyer, and close personal friend of Leonardo da Vinci.
George Fox was born in the strongly Puritan village of Drayton-in-the-Clay, Leicestershire, England (now known as Fenny Drayton), 15 miles (24 km) west-south-west of Leicester.
Out of the total number, 32,677 children were born in wedlock or within 300 days after the end of the marriage, and the average age of mothers at the birth of their first child was 28.4 years.
Much of the growth was due to migration from within and outside Wales: in 1841, a quarter of Cardiff's population were English-born and more than 10% had been born in Ireland.
Cardiff has a long association with boxing, from 'Peerless' Jim Driscoll—born in Cardiff in 1880—to more recent, high-profile fights staged in the city.
The first of their ten children, Charley, was born in January 1837, and a few months later the family set up home in Bloomsbury at 48 Doughty Street, London, (on which Charles had a three-year lease at £80 a year) from 25 March 1837 until December 1839.
He was born in Buca, Izmir Province, in 1939 and is married with one child.
178,031 were citizens of Northern Cyprus, of whom 147,405 were born in Cyprus (112,534 from the north; 32,538 from the south; 371 did not indicate what part of Cyprus they were from); 27,333 born in Turkey; 2,482 born in the UK and 913 born in Bulgaria.
Of the 147,405 citizens born in Cyprus, 120,031 say both parents were born in Cyprus; 16,824 say both parents born in Turkey; 10,361 have one parent born in Turkey and one parent born in Cyprus.
In 2010, the International Crisis Group estimated that the total population of Cyprus was 1.1 million, of which there was an estimated 300,000 residents in the north, perhaps half of whom were either born in Turkey or are children of such settlers.
The so called “TRNC census” carried out in April 2006 showed that out of a total population of 256,644 in Northern Cyprus, 132,635, or 52%, were Turkish Cypriots in the sense that they were born in Cyprus of at least one Cyprus-born parent (for 120,007 of these both parents were Cyprus-born).
In addition, 43,062 so called “TRNC citizens” (17%) had at least one non-Cypriot Turkish-born parent, 2,334 so called “TRNC citizens” (1%) had parents born in other countries, 70,525 residents (27%) had Turkish citizenship, and 8,088 (3%) were citizens of other countries (mainly UK, Bulgaria, and Iran).
Corbett was born in London and immigrated with his family to New York City in 1839.
However, the Israelites born in the wilderness after the Exodus from Egypt were not circumcised.
Joshua 5:2-9, explains, "all the people that came out" of Egypt were circumcised, but those "born in the wilderness" were not.
those born in countries where circumcision at birth is not common.
Pianist and composer Leonard Pennario was born in Buffalo in 1924 and made his debut concert at Carnegie Hall in 1943.
Benjamin's mother, Abiah Folger, was born in Nantucket, Massachusetts, on August 15, 1667, to Peter Folger, a miller and schoolteacher, and his wife, Mary Morrell Folger, a former indentured servant.
Benjamin's mother, Abiah, was born into a Puritan family that was among the first Pilgrims to flee to Massachusetts for religious freedom, when King Charles I of England began persecuting Puritans.
Benjamin's father and all four of his grandparents were born in England.
Their son, Francis Folger Franklin, was born in October 1732 and died of smallpox in 1736.
Their daughter, Sarah "Sally" Franklin, was born in 1743 and grew up to marry Richard Bache, have seven children, and look after her father in his old age.
Danner was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, the daughter of Katharine (née Kile; 1909–2006) and Harry Earl Danner, a bank executive.
Danner has Pennsylvania Dutch (German), and some English and Irish, ancestry; her maternal grandmother was a German immigrant, and one of her paternal great-grandmothers was born in Barbados (to a family of European descent).
He was born in Lubbock, Texas, to a musical family during the Great Depression, and learned to play guitar and sing alongside his siblings.
His elder siblings were Larry (born in 1925), Travis (1927–2016), and Patricia Lou (1929–2008).
Morisot was born in Bourges, France, into an affluent bourgeois family.
She had two older sisters, Yves (1838–1893) and Edma (1839–1921), plus a younger brother, Tiburce, born in 1848.
George Herman Ruth Jr. was born in 1895 at 216 Emory Street in the Pigtown section of Baltimore, Maryland.
According to the 1880 census, his parents were born in Maryland.
George Ruth Jr. was born in the house of his maternal grandfather, Pius Schamberger, a German immigrant and trade unionist.
Berenson was born in Murray Hill, Manhattan.
Berenson is survived by her two sons and two grandchildren, a grandson born in 2004 and a granddaughter born in 2008.
</doc>
<doc id="4188" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4188" title="Brion Gysin">
Brion Gysin

Brion Gysin (19 January 1916 – 13 July 1986) was a painter, writer, sound poet, and performance artist born in Taplow, Buckinghamshire.
Additionally, many Afro-Spaniards born in Spain are from the former Spanish colony Equatorial Guinea.
John Caesar, nicknamed "Black Caesar", a convict and bushranger with parents born in an unknown area in Africa, was one of the first people of recent Black African ancestry to arrive in Australia.
At the 2006 Census, 248,605 residents declared that they were born in Africa.
This figure pertains to all immigrants to Australia who were born in nations in Africa regardless of race, and includes White Africans.
For instance, President Thomas Jefferson held persons who were legally white (less than 25% black) according to Virginia law at the time, but, because they were born to slave mothers, they were born into slavery, according to the principle of "partus sequitur ventrem", which Virginia adopted into law in 1662.
McGhee was born in Knoxville, Tennessee, and grew up in Kingsport, Tennessee.
Two Catholic saints were born in the Canary Islands: Peter of Saint Joseph de Betancur and José de Anchieta.
Ridenhour was born in Queens, New York.
Eric Liddell (Ian Charleson), born in China of Scottish missionary parents, is in Scotland.
It was more financially beneficial for less-educated young Portuguese men born in 1967 to participate in conscription, as opposed to participating in the highly competitive job market with men of the same age who continued through to higher education.
Aviation was born in Barranquilla with the creation of SCADTA in 1919 a joint venture between Colombians and Germans that delivered mail to the main cities of Colombia which later merged with SACO to form Avianca.
The vast majority were born in Nicaragua (287,766).
The table below shows the number of people born in Ivory Coast who have migrated to OECD countries only (the table only includes communities consisting of at least 1,000 members).
One of these documents is his 1934 death certificate, which states he was born in 1896 in Newport News, Virginia, to Winter and Alice Blake (his mother's name is followed by a question mark).
His second daughter Tyla was also with Leasel Rovedas she was born in 2010.
Bernardino Ochino was born in Siena, the son of the barber Domenico Ochino, and at the age of 7 or 8, in around 1504, was entrusted to the order of Franciscan Friars.
De Palma, who is of Italian ancestry, is the youngest of three boys and was born in Newark, New Jersey to Vivienne (née Muti) and Anthony Federico De Palma, an orthopedic surgeon.
He has one daughter from his marriage to Hurd, Lolita de Palma, born in 1991, and one daughter from his marriage to Gregorio, Piper De Palma, born in 1996.
Russell was born in Monmouthshire into one of the most prominent aristocratic families in the United Kingdom.
According to the book that bears his name, Ezekiel ben-Buzi was born into a priestly family of Jerusalem c.623 BC, during the reign of the reforming king Josiah.
Opera was born in Italy at the end of the 16th century (with Jacopo Peri's mostly lost "Dafne", produced in Florence in 1598) and soon spread through the rest of Europe: Louis XIV created the first Royal Academy of Music, In 1669, the poet Pierre Perrin opened an academy of opera in Paris, the first opera theater in France open to the public, and premiered "Pomone", the first grand opera in French, with music by Robert Cambert, with five acts, elaborate stage macheriny, and a ballet.
Joy was born in the Detroit suburb of Farmington Hills, Michigan, to William Joy, a school vice-principal and counselor, and Ruth Joy.
In 1926, the city became the capital of the newly established Kirghiz ASSR and was renamed "Frunze" after Mikhail Frunze, Lenin's close associate who was born in Bishkek and played key roles during the revolutions of 1905 and 1917 and during the Russian civil war of the early 1920s.
Bjorn Kristian Ulvaeus was born in Gothenburg, but as a child he moved with his family to Västervik.
This marriage produced two daughters: Emma (born in 1982) and Anna (born in 1986).
Göran Bror Benny Andersson was born in the Vasastan district of Stockholm to 34-year-old civil engineer Gösta Andersson (1912–1973) and his 26-year-old wife Laila (1920–1971).
Gates was born in Seattle, Washington on October 28, 1955.
Pope emeritus Benedict XVI (Joseph Alois Ratzinger) was born in Marktl am Inn in Upper Bavaria and was Cardinal-Archbishop of Munich and Freising.
His older brother, John C., Jr., was born in 1892.
Costas was born in Queens, New York City, and grew up in Commack, New York.
Mumy was born in San Gabriel, California to Charles William Mumy, a cattle rancher, and Muriel Gertrude Mumy (née Gould).
The 18th-century mathematician Leonhard Euler was born in Basel and studied under Johann Bernoulli.
Of the population in the municipality 58,560 or about 35.2% were born in Basel and lived there in 2000.
There were 1,396 or 0.8% who were born in the same canton, while 44,874 or 26.9% were born somewhere else in Switzerland, and 53,774 or 32.3% were born outside of Switzerland.
Malden was born in Putney, Surrey, son of Jonas Malden, a surgeon.
Another Russian demographer, Anatoly Vishnevsky, pointed out that according to the 2002 census, some age groups, like those born in 1950, appeared to be larger in 2002 than in 1989.
Tupper was born in Amherst, Nova Scotia to the Rev.
Tupper was born in Amherst, Nova Scotia, to Charles Tupper, Sr., and Miriam Lowe, Lockhart.
That is the matrix into which human children are born in the great majority of cases, and their first words are often kinship terms.Throughout history, kinship studies have primarily focused on the topics of marriage, descent, and procreation.
Morris was born in Colchester, Essex, to father Paul Michael Morris, a GP, and mother Rosemary Parrington and grew up in a Victorian farmhouse in the village Buckden, Huntingdonshire, which he describes as "very dull".
They have two sons, Charles and Frederick, both of whom were born in Lambeth.
"A man born in 1453, the year of the fall of Constantinople, could look back from his fiftieth year on a lifetime in which about eight million books had been printed, more perhaps than all the scribes of Europe had produced since Constantine founded his city in A.D.
Thackeray was born in Pune on 23 January 1926 to Ramabai and Keshav Sitaram Thackeray (also known as 'Prabodhankar').
The following institutes and scientific organizations are part of the university:

There are seven high schools in Bitola:

Ten Primary Schools in Bitola are:

Some notable people born in Bitola are:

Bitola participates in town twinning to foster good international relations.
Through the marriage of his daughter Mary of Burgundy (who was born in Brussels) to Holy Roman Emperor Maximilian I, the Low Countries fell under Habsburg sovereignty.
Singh was born in June 1963 in the village of Hussainpur in Punjab.
In the United States, as of 2006, one out of every six people, or 16.6% of the total population, and 22.3% of the white population, have blue eyes, compared with about half of Americans born in 1900, and a third of Americans born in 1950.
McTell was born in Thomson, Georgia.
Founder Ettore Bugatti was born in Milan, Italy, and the automobile company that bears his name was founded in 1909 in Molsheim located in the Alsace region which was part of the German Empire from 1871 to 1919.
The field of modern biotechnology is generally thought of as having been born in 1971 when Paul Berg's (Stanford) experiments in gene splicing had early success.
In 2004, 18 eastern bongos born in North American zoos gathered at White Oak Conservation in Yulee, Florida for release in Kenya.
During the 1450s, Shari'ful Hashem Syed Abu Bakr, an Arab born in Johor, arrived in Sulu from Malacca.
Bartók was born in the small Banatian town of Nagyszentmiklós in the Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary (since 1920 Sânnicolau Mare, Romania) on 25 March 1881.
Their son, Péter, was born in 1924 .
The first leaders of the People's Republic of China were born into the traditional imperial order, but were influenced by the May Fourth Movement and reformist ideals.
By 1870, 1/6 of all the people born in Canada had moved to the United States, with the highest concentrations in New England, which was the destination of Francophone emigrants from Quebec and Anglophone emigrants from the Maritimes.
Cicero was born in 106 BC in Arpinum, a hill town southeast of Rome.
The Sun has a core temperature of around , and only of nuclei produced in the Sun are
born in the CNO cycle.
Linnaeus was born in the countryside of Småland, in southern Sweden.
Linnæus was born in the village of Råshult in Småland, Sweden, on 23 May 1707.
Theron was born in Benoni, in the then-Transvaal Province (now Gauteng Province) of South Africa, the only child of Gerda Jacoba Aletta (née Maritz) and Charles Jacobus Theron (born 27 November 1947).
For example, Fernand Gobet and colleagues have shown that stronger players started playing chess at a young age and that experts born in the Northern Hemisphere are more likely to have been born in late winter and early spring.
Barry's child, Carol Ann, was born in October 1944, and the paternity suit went to court in February 1945.
According to figures from the first quarter of 2016, approximately 76% of the municipality's population was of Danish descent, defined as having at least one parent who was born in Denmark and has Danish citizenship.
Facundo Bacardí Massó, a Spanish wine merchant, was born in Sitges, Catalonia, Spain, in 1814, and emigrated to Cuba in 1830.
Fulcher was born in Tranmere Road, Whitton, Middlesex (now Greater London), in July 1942.
Pascal was born in Clermont-Ferrand, which is in France's Auvergne region.
Pascalian theology has grown out of his perspective that we are, according to Wood, "born into a duplicitous world that shapes us into duplicitous subjects and so we find it easy to reject God continually and deceive ourselves about our own sinfulness".
He was born in Bordeaux.
From the 12th to the 15th century, Bordeaux regained importance following the marriage of Duchess Eléonore of Aquitaine with the French-speaking Count Henri Plantagenet, born in Le Mans, who became, within months of their wedding, King Henry II of England.
Mandelbrot was born in Warsaw during the Second Polish Republic.
His social life was hectic, his first son Gary was born in 1933 with twin boys following in 1934.
Early Christian traditions describe Jesus as being born in Bethlehem: in one, a verse in the Book of Micah is interpreted as a prophecy that the Messiah would be born there.
Told that a 'King of the Jews' has been born in the town, Herod orders the killing of all the boys aged two and under in the town and surrounding area.
Many modern scholars question the idea that Jesus was born in Bethlehem, seeing the biblical stories not as historical accounts but as symbolic narratives invented to present the birth as fulfillment of prophecy and imply a connection to the lineage of King David.
In a 2005 article in "Archaeology" magazine, archaeologist Aviram Oshri points to an absence of evidence for the settlement of Bethlehem near Jerusalem at the time when Jesus was born, and postulates that Jesus was born in Bethlehem of Galilee.
In a 2011 article in "Biblical Archaeology Review" magazine, Jerome Murphy-O'Connor argues for the traditional position that Jesus was born in Bethlehem near Jerusalem.
In the Hebrew Bible unlike Rachel's first son, Joseph, Benjamin was born in Canaan.
Alternatively, Rashi suggests it means "son of days", meaning a son born in Jacob's old age.
Barış Manço was born in Üsküdar, Istanbul, Turkey on 2 January 1943.
The first people of European descent (most of whom were of mixed race and born in America) arrived with the De Anza Expedition in 1776.
Notable individuals who were born in and/or have lived in Berkeley include actors Ben Affleck and Andy Samberg, Billie Joe Armstrong, lead singer of Green Day, and rapper Lil B.

Berkeley has 16 sister cities:




</doc>
<doc id="4861" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4861" title="Bolventor">
Bolventor

Bolventor () is a hamlet on Bodmin Moor in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
Attlee was born in Putney, Surrey (now part of London), into a middle class family, the seventh of eight children.
St. Jerome says that he died in his 30th year, and was born in 87 BC.
Forester was born in Cairo and, after a family breakup at an early age, moved with his mother to London, where he was educated at Alleyn's School and Dulwich College, south London.
He greatly influenced William Shakespeare, who was born in the same year as Marlowe and who rose to become the pre-eminent Elizabethan playwright after Marlowe's mysterious early death.
Marlowe was born in Canterbury to shoemaker John Marlowe and his wife Catherine.
Nobel Prize-winning novelist William Golding was born in St Columb Minor in 1911, and returned to live near Truro from 1985 until his death in 1993.
Charles Causley, the poet, was born in Launceston and is perhaps the best known of Cornish poets.
The writer D. M. Thomas was born in Redruth but lived and worked in Australia and the United States before returning to his native Cornwall.
Friedrich was born in the Pomeranian town of Greifswald at the Baltic Sea, where he began his studies in art as a young man.
Goldoni was born in Venice in 1707, the son of Margherita and Giulio Goldoni.
Baudelaire was born in Paris, France, on April 9, 1821, and baptized two months later at Saint-Sulpice Roman Catholic Church.
Clive Staples Lewis was born in Belfast, Ireland, on 29 November 1898.
Dexter was born in Stamford, Lincolnshire, to Alfred and Dorothy Dexter.
Shannon was born in Petoskey, Michigan and grew up in Gaylord, Michigan.
Goldwater was born in Phoenix, in what was then the Arizona Territory, the son of Baron M. Goldwater and his wife, Hattie Josephine ("JoJo") Williams.
Goldwater's paternal grandfather, Michel Goldwasser, a Polish Jew, was born in 1821 in Konin, Poland, whence he emigrated to London following the Revolutions of 1848.
He was born in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.
The representation of order and chaos was informed by the Babylonian myth that the universe was born in the conflict between both.
Herodotus, who has been called the "Father of History", was born in 484 BC in Halicarnassus, Asia Minor (then under Persian overlordship).
Pasternak was born in Moscow on 10 February, (Gregorian), 1890 (Julian 29 January) into a wealthy assimilated Jewish family.
Campbell was born in Royal Oak, Michigan, the son of Joanne Louise (née Pickens), a homemaker, and Charles Newton Campbell, an amateur actor and traveling billboard inspector.
Watterson was born in Washington, D.C. and grew up in Chagrin Falls, Ohio, whose suburban Midwestern United States setting was part of the inspiration for "Calvin and Hobbes".
Bill Watterson was born in Washington, D.C., the United States, where his father James G. Watterson (1932-2016) worked as a patent attorney.
Hawke was born in South Australia but moved to Western Australia as a child.
Hawke is the only Australian Prime Minister to be born in South Australia, and the only one raised and educated in Western Australia.
Hawke was born in Bordertown, South Australia, the second child of Arthur Hawke (1898–1989) (known as Clem), a Congregationalist minister, and his wife Edith Emily (Lee) (1897–1979) (known as Ellie), a schoolteacher.
Baldr will be reborn in the new world, according to "Völuspá".
California Franciscan Fermín Lasuén was born in Vitoria.
Confucius was born into the class of "shi" (士), between the aristocracy and the common people.
Kung Te-cheng's grandson, Kung Tsui-chang, the 79th lineal descendant, was born in 1975; his great-grandson, Kung Yu-jen, the 80th lineal descendant, was born in Taipei on January 1, 2006.
Charles was born in Liverpool to a Guyanese father and Irish mother.
Their son, Jack, was born in 1988.
48.1% of the population has undetermined ancestry as of 2016, most of them are people born in Christmas Island and many are of Chinese and Malay origin.
Skinner was born in Susquehanna, Pennsylvania, to Grace and William Skinner.
</doc>
<doc id="4869" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4869" title="Bill">
Bill

Bill may refer to:













</doc>
<doc id="4870" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4870" title="Bill Macy">
Bill Macy

Bill Macy (born Wolf Martin Garber; May 18, 1922) is an American television, film and stage actor, born in Revere, Massachusetts, to Mollie (née Friedopfer) and Michael Garber, a manufacturer.
Knight was born in 1940 Massillon, Ohio, and grew up in Orrville, Ohio.
Senen Reyes (also known as Sen Dog) and Ulpiano Sergio Reyes (also known as Mellow Man Ace) are brothers born in Pinar del Río, Cuba.
Several former prime ministers of Australia were either born in or lived in Ballarat, and this was recognised by the city's Prime Minister's Avenue.
John Curtin was born in nearby Creswick and his wife Elsie was born in Ballarat.
Several premiers of the Australian states were born in Ballarat, including Ballarat born Sir Henry Bolte, Steve Bracks, Thomas Hollway, and Henry Daglish.
An additional political activist included Francis William Hyet is trade unionist and born in Ballarat.
Outside politics other prominent public figures include Peter Lalor, a notable historical figure in Australia as the leader of the Eureka Rebellion (1854) and a parliamentarian; the inventor George Alfred Julius, who spent part of his childhood there when his father was a local Anglican cleric; the inventor Henry Sutton was born and worked in Ballarat; and Cardinal George Pell, the former Catholic Archbishop of Melbourne and Sydney was born in Ballarat and worked in the area for some time.
Khmelnytsky was probably born in the village of Subotiv, near Chyhyryn in the Crown of the Kingdom of Poland at the estate of his father Mykhailo Khmelnytsky.
His first son Tymish (Tymofiy) was born in 1632, and another son Yuriy was born in 1640.
It is also called Konrad Adenauer Airport after Germany's first post-war Chancellor Konrad Adenauer, who was born in the city and was mayor of Cologne from 1917 until 1933.
Tischendorf was born in Lengenfeld, Saxony, near Plauen, the son of a physician.
A Republican lawyer from New England, born in Vermont, Coolidge worked his way up the ladder of Massachusetts state politics, eventually becoming governor of that state.
John Calvin Coolidge Jr. was born in Plymouth Notch, Windsor County, Vermont, on July 4, 1872, the only U.S. president to be born on Independence Day.
On June 2, 1924, Coolidge signed the act granting citizenship to all Native Americans born in the United States.
Ancillon was born in Metz into a distinguished family of Huguenots.
They feel that poverty reduces confidence and life expectancy and that people born in poor conditions have difficulty escaping their disadvantaged circumstances.
In parts of Liverpool, Manchester and Newcastle two-thirds of babies are born to poverty and have poorer life chances, also life expectancy 15 years lower than babies born in most fortunate communities.
Aïda of the band Métisse often sings in Dioula, as does Mory Kante, born in Guinea to a Malian mother; his most famous song to date is "Yeke Yeke" (Alpha Blondy).
It is commonly believed that at the time of his death he was between 35 and 40 years old and thus born in about 1680.
The author Robert Lee speculated that Teach may therefore have been born into a respectable, wealthy family.
Karmal was born in Kamari and educated at Kabul University.
Karmal was born in Kamari, a village close to Kabul.
Rabbani, son of Muhammed Yousuf, was born in the northern province of Badakhshan.
Oddie was born in Rochdale but moved to Birmingham at a young age; his father was assistant chief accountant at the Midlands Electricity Board.
They have a daughter, Rosie, born in October 1985, and live in Hampstead, North London.
Among other Caribbean countries and territories, a combined 97 MLB players were born in Venezuela, Cuba, and Puerto Rico.
Perens lives in Berkeley, California with his wife, Valerie, and son, Stanley, born in 2000.
Commemorative coins were issued of Claudius and his son Britannicus, who had been a friend of the Emperor Titus (Titus was born in 39, Britannicus was born in 41).
Cecil Blount DeMille was born in Ashfield, Massachusetts, while his parents were vacationing there, and grew up in Washington, North Carolina.
They were both born in 1853 and both loved the theater.
If born in 742, Charles was 26 years old, but he had been campaigning at his father's right hand for several years, which may help to account for his military skill.
Well-known football players such as Pavel Nedvěd, Antonín Panenka, Milan Baroš, Tomáš Rosický, Vladimír Šmicer or Petr Čech were all born in Czechoslovakia.
Several accomplished professional tennis players including Ivan Lendl, Jan Kodeš, Miloslav Mečíř, Hana Mandlíková, Martina Hingis, Martina Navratilova, Jana Novotna, Petra Kvitová and Daniela Hantuchová were born in Czechoslovakia.
In 1894, James Thurber, who would go on to an illustrious literary career in Paris and New York City, was born in the city.
Out of the total population, 4.5% were foreign born; of which 41.2% were born in Europe, 29.1% Asia, 22.4% Latin American, 5.0% Africa, and 1.9% Northern America.
The American modernist poet Hart Crane was born in nearby Garrettsville, Ohio in 1899.
Harlan Ellison, noted author of speculative fiction, was born in Cleveland in 1934; his family subsequently moved to the nearby suburb of Painesville, though Ellison moved back to Cleveland in 1949.
There was a major revision of these texts and the first "Kitōsho" was born in 1895, which had the Eucharistic part in both English and American traditions.
Lugosi tried to keep busy with stage work, but had to borrow money from the Actors' Fund to pay hospital bills when his only child, Bela George Lugosi, was born in 1938.
The first still extant Burns Club was founded in Greenock in 1801 by merchants who were born in Ayrshire, some of whom had known Burns.
Bryson was born in Des Moines, Iowa, the son of Agnes Mary (née McGuire) and sports journalist Bill Bryson Sr. His mother was of Irish descent.
The Swedish Minister for Integration and Gender Equality, Nyamko Sabuni, was born in Burundi.
Brian Boitano was born in Mountain View, California, and as an adult has lived in San Francisco.
In 2016 about 59% of the inhabitants of the city were born in Catalonia and 18.5% coming from the rest of the country.
In the New Testament, Matthew's gospel quotes from the Book of Micah in relation to Jesus being born in Bethlehem:
Jesus quotes Micah when he warns that families will be divided by the gospel:






</doc>
<doc id="4453" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4453" title="Book of Nahum">
Book of Nahum

The Book of Nahum is the seventh book of the 12 minor prophets of the Hebrew Bible.
Montgomery was born in Kennington, Surrey, in 1887, the fourth child of nine, to an Ulster-Scots Church of Ireland minister, The Reverend Henry Montgomery, and his wife, Maud ("née" Farrar).
Montgomery's son, David, was born in August 1928.
Disraeli was born in Bloomsbury, then a part of Middlesex.
All of Disraeli's grandparents and great-grandparents were born in Italy; Isaac's father, Benjamin, moved to England from Venice in 1748.
Selig was born in Milwaukee, and grew up in a Jewish family.
Björn Borg was born in Stockholm, Sweden, on 6 June 1956, as the only child of Rune (1932-2008) and Margaretha Borg (b.
Together they have a son, Leo, born in 2003, who is currently the highest ranked 14-year-old tennis player in Sweden.
</doc>
<doc id="19334" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19334" title="Marco Polo">
Marco Polo

Marco Polo (; ; 1254January 8–9, 1324) was an Italian merchant, explorer, and writer, born in the Republic of Venice.
Marco Polo was born in 1254 in the Republic of Venice.
Michael Moorcock was born in London in 1939 and the landscape of London, particularly the area of Notting Hill Gate and Ladbroke Grove, is an important influence in some of his fiction (cf.
Milk and dairy products have the potential for causing serious infection in newborn infants.
Herbert Marshall McLuhan was born on July 21, 1911, in Edmonton, Alberta, to Elsie Naomi (née Hall) and Herbert Ernest McLuhan, both born in Canada.
Richard Melville Hall was born in the Manhattan, New York City neighborhood of Harlem to Elizabeth McBride ("née" Warner), a medical secretary, and James Frederick Hall, a chemistry professor who died when Richard was two years old.
Carcassi was born in Florence, Italy, and first studied the piano, but learned guitar when still a child.
Maurice Merleau-Ponty was born in 1908 in Rochefort-sur-Mer, Charente-Maritime, France.
Mariotto Albertinelli was born in Florence as the son of a gold beater.
Mani was an Iranian born in 216 CE in or near Seleucia-Ctesiphon in the Parthian Empire.
Manichaean writings indicate that Mani received revelations when he was 12 and again when he was 24, and over this time period he grew dissatisfied with the Elcesaite sect he was born into.
Van Buren was born in Kinderhook, New York to a family of Dutch Americans.
Ginzberg was born into a religious family whose piety and erudition was well known.
Among the better documented are Louise de La Vallière (with whom he had 5 children; 1661–67), Bonne de Pons d'Heudicourt (1665), Catherine Charlotte de Gramont (1665), Françoise-Athénaïs, Marquise de Montespan (with whom he had 7 children; 1667–80), Anne de Rohan-Chabot (1669–75), Claude de Vin des Œillets (1 child born in 1676), Isabelle de Ludres (1675–78), and Marie Angélique de Scorailles (1679–81), who died at age 19 in childbirth.
And Lord Acton admired him as "by far the ablest man who was born in modern times on the steps of a throne".
Furthermore, a new study in 2016 showed that newborn infants encode the edges of multisyllabic sequences better than the internal components of the sequence (Ferry et al., 2016).
Together, these results suggest that newborn infants have learned important properties of syntactic processing in utero, that can be seen in infant knowledge of native language vowels and the sequencing of heard multisyllabic phrases.
This ability to sequence specific vowels gives newborn infants some of the fundamental mechanisms needed in order to learn the complex organization of a language.
Clarice and Lorenzo had 10 children, all except Contessina Antonia born in Florence:

Lorenzo also adopted his nephew Giulio, the illegitimate son of his slain brother Giuliano.
Lucrezia and Alfonso had one child, Rodrigo of Aragon, who was born in 1499 and predeceased his mother in August 1512 at the age of 12.
This last assertion is problematic as Francesco had contracted syphilis before 1500 as it was known that he passed the disease onto his eldest son Federico Gonzaga who was born in 1500.
Additionally, people born in foreign countries and temporary guest workers make up more than a third (40%) of the population of Luxembourg.
At the 2001 Census, 1.17 per cent of the population were Welsh-born and 0.75 per cent were born in the Republic of Ireland, while 0.54 per cent were born in Northern Ireland, but many more Liverpudlians are of Welsh or Irish ancestry.
A number of artists have also come from the city, including painter George Stubbs who was born in Liverpool in 1724.
Felicia Hemans (née Browne) was born in Dale Street, Liverpool, in 1793, although she later moved to Flintshire, in Wales.
Felicia was born in Liverpool, a granddaughter of the Venetian consul in that city.
Of all the poets who are connected with Liverpool, perhaps the greatest is Constantine P. Cavafy, a twentieth-century Greek cultural icon, although he was born in Alexandria.
The prolific writer of adventure novels, Harold Edward Bindloss (1866–1945), was born in Liverpool.
The writer, docker and political activist George Garrett was born in Secombe, on the Wirral Peninsula in 1896 and was brought up in Liverpool's South end, around Park Road, the son of a fierce Liverpool–Irish Catholic mother and a staunch 'Orange' stevedore father.
The novelist and playwright James Hanley (1897–1985) was born in Kirkdale, Liverpool, in 1897 (not Dublin, nor 1901 as he generally implied) to a working-class family.
James Hanley's brother, novelist Gerald Hanley (1916–92) was also born in Liverpool (not County Cork, Ireland, as he claimed).
Novelist Beryl Bainbridge (1932–2010) was born in Liverpool and raised in nearby Formby.
J. G. Farrell was born in Liverpool in 1935 but left at the outbreak of war in 1939.
They have two children: Vadym, adopted in Ukraine in July 2006, and Karolina, born in November 2006.
In addition, the mosaic Portuguese pavement ("Calçada Portuguesa") was born in Lisbon, in the mid-1800s.
Trotsky's father was born in Poltava, and later moved to Bereslavka as it had a large Jewish community.
They had two daughters, Zinaida (1901 – 5 January 1933) and Nina (1902 – 9 June 1928), both born in Siberia.
Trotsky joined the Soviet under the name "Yanovsky" (after the village he was born in, Yanovka) and was elected vice-chairman.
He was born in Switzerland and became a French citizen in 1930.
Ariosto was born in Reggio nell’Emilia, where his father Niccolò Ariosto was commander of the citadel.
Many revolutionary youth organizations were born in these cultural centers...In addition to the network of popular cultural centers, the emergence of squatted houses — also known as "self-managed social centers" — further extended this radical sensibility in Catalonia.
Suetonius described how Livy encouraged the future emperor Claudius, who was born in 10 BC, to explore the writing of history during his childhood.
Bloomfield was born in Chicago, Illinois on April 1, 1887 to Jewish parents (Sigmund Bloomfield and Carola Buber Bloomfield).
During the 1938 Linguistic Society of America Linguistic Institute held at the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor, Michigan, he taught a field methods class with Andrew Medler, a speaker of the Ottawa dialect who was born in Saginaw, Michigan but spent most of his life on Walpole Island, Ontario.
Lafayette Ronald Hubbard was born in 1911, in Tilden, Nebraska.
Bangs was born in Escondido, California.
The granddaughter of Léon Theremin's first cousin, Soviet anthropologist and primatologist Mikhail Nesturkh, Kavina was born in Moscow and began studying the instrument under the direction of Léon Theremin when she was nine years old.
Michael was born in the autumn of that year.
For example, according to one publisher of information about green card marriages, "Every year over 450,000 United States citizens marry foreign-born individuals and petition for them to obtain a permanent residency (Green Card) in the United States."
The convention states, among others, that: "The father and mother of a child born out of wedlock shall have the same obligation to maintain the child as if it were born in wedlock" and that "A child born out of wedlock shall have the same right of succession in the estate of its father and its mother and of a member of its father's or mother's family, as if it had been born in wedlock."
While in most Western countries legal inequalities between children born inside and outside marriage have largely been abolished, this is not the case in some parts of the world.
John Malcolm Fraser was born in Toorak, Melbourne, Victoria, on 21 May 1930.
He was the second of two children born to Una Arnold (née Woolf) and John Neville Fraser; his older sister Lorraine had been born in 1928.
His paternal grandfather, Sir Simon Fraser, was born in Nova Scotia, Canada, and arrived in Australia in 1853.
Fraser's maternal grandfather, Louis Woolf, was born in Dunedin, New Zealand, and arrived in Australia as a child.
Agricola was born in Schwiebus in Lebusz.
Zorn was born in Krefeld, Germany.
The couple's biological child in DC Comics canon was born in "Convergence: Superman #2" (July 2015) a son named Jonathan Samuel Kent, who eventually becomes Superboy.
Léon Theremin was born in Saint Petersburg, Russian Empire in 1896 into a family of French Huguenot and German ancestry.
Charles Martel was born in nearby Herstal and Charlemagne also had close links with the area.
The emperor Otto III for instance was born in 980 in Kessel, practically on the current border between Limburg and North Rhine-Westphalia, just east from Gennep.
The Gandhi couple had four more children, all sons: Harilal, born in 1888; Manilal, born in 1892; Ramdas, born in 1897; and Devdas, born in 1900.
According to Eric Sharpe – a professor of Religious Studies, though Gandhi was born in a Hindu family and later became Hindu by conviction, many Christians in time thought of him as an "exemplary Christian and even as a saint".
Musashi himself simply states in "The Book of Five Rings" that he was born in Harima Province.
"Niten Ki" (an early biography of Musashi) supports the theory that Musashi was born in 1584: "[He] was born in Banshū, in Tenshō 12 [1584], the Year of the Monkey."
Further confounding his birthdate, the genealogy of the extant Miyamoto family recounts Musashi was born in 1582.
It is assumed that Cervantes was born in Alcalá de Henares, a Castilian city about north-east from Madrid, probably on 29 September (the feast day of Saint Michael the Archangel) 1547.
Harry S Truman (1884–1972), the 33rd President of the United States (Democrat, 1945–1953), was born in Lamar.
Rapper Eminem was born in St. Joseph and also lived in Savannah and Kansas City.
Rock and Roll singer Steve Walsh of the group Kansas was born in St. Louis and grew up in St. Joseph.
According to the Book of Exodus, Moses was born in a time when his people, the Israelites, an enslaved minority, were increasing in numbers and the Egyptian Pharaoh was worried that they might ally themselves with Egypt's enemies.
His father was the Hungarian-Jewish Gábor Steiner (1858–1944, born in Temesvár, Kingdom of Hungary, Austrian Empire), a Viennese impresario, carnival exposition manager, and inventor, responsible for building the Wiener Riesenrad.
The son of a pastor, Louis Agassiz was born in Môtier (now part of Haut-Vully) in the canton of Fribourg, Switzerland.
Li Bai is generally considered to have been born in 701, in Suyab (碎葉) of ancient Chinese Central Asia (present-day Kyrgyzstan), where his family had prospered in business at the frontier.
Alamanni was born in Florence.
Leon Battista Alberti was born in 1404 in Genoa.
Andrewes was born in 1555 near All Hallows, Barking, by the Tower of London, of an ancient Suffolk family later domiciled at Chichester Hall, at Rawreth in Essex; his father, Thomas, was master of Trinity House.
Most children born in the city died before reaching their third birthday.
About 69% of children born in London in 2015 had at least one parent who was born abroad.
Estimates produced by the Office for National Statistics indicate that the five largest foreign-born groups living in London in the period July 2009 to June 2010 were those born in India, Poland, the Republic of Ireland, Bangladesh and Nigeria.
Their only child, Randal, was born in 1906.
Hewitt was born in Adelaide, South Australia.
Von Trier was born in Kongens Lyngby, Denmark, north of Copenhagen, to Inger Høst and Fritz Michael Hartmann (the head of Denmark's Ministry of Social Affairs and a World War II resistance fighter).
Brian Cohen is born in a stable next door to the one in which Jesus is born, which initially confuses the three wise men who come to praise the future King of the Jews.
Leucippus was most likely born in Miletus, although Abdera and Elea are also mentioned as possible birthplaces.
Residents born before 1951 were eligible after their 60th birthday, whereas those born in 1955 will need to wait until they are 66.
Over the next five years, according to Sayers' short stories, the Wimseys have three sons: Bredon Delagardie Peter Wimsey (born in October 1936 in the story "The Haunted Policeman"); Roger Wimsey (born 1938), and Paul Wimsey (born 1940).
The novel included a foreword by Havelock Ellis and was intended to be a call for tolerance for inverts by publicizing their disadvantages and accidents of being born inverted.
Some 20 years after Leonardo's death, Francis was reported by the goldsmith and sculptor Benvenuto Cellini as saying: "There had never been another man born in the world who knew as much as Leonardo, not so much about painting, sculpture and architecture, as that he was a very great philosopher."
Online versions of Leviticus:


Related article:

Brief introduction


</doc>
<doc id="18188" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18188" title="L. Frank Baum">
L. Frank Baum

Baum was born in Chittenango, New York in 1856 into a devout Methodist family.
Armstrong was born in New Orleans on August 4, 1901 to Mary Albert and William Armstrong.
Lamorna Birch was born in Egremont, Cheshire, England.
Pike was born in Woodstock, Connecticut, and studied theology at Gordon College, graduating with a B.A.
</doc>
<doc id="17442" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=17442" title="Katsuhiro Otomo">
Katsuhiro Otomo

Katsuhiro Otomo was born in Tome, Miyagi Prefecture and grew up in Tome-gun.
Bush was born in Bexleyheath, Kent, to an English medical doctor, Robert Bush (1920–2008), and an Irish mother by the name of Hannah Daly (1918–1992).
Their son, Bertie, was born in 1998.
Dunst was born in Point Pleasant, New Jersey, to Klaus Hermann Dunst and Inez Rupprecht.
Dunst's father is German, originally from Hamburg, and her mother was born in New Jersey, of German and Swedish descent.
James was born in the Kansas City metro area at Kearney, Missouri, and notoriously robbed the Kansas City Fairgrounds at 12th Street and Campbell Avenue.
Caron was born in Boulogne-sur-Seine, Seine (now Boulogne-Billancourt, Hauts-de-Seine), the daughter of Margaret (née Petit), a Franco-American dancer on Broadway, and Claude Caron, a French chemist, pharmacist, perfumer, and boutique owner.
According to the 2007 census, 63.5% of the people living in Mayotte were born in Mayotte, 4.8% were born in the rest of the French Republic (either metropolitan France or overseas France except Mayotte), 28.3% were immigrants from the Comoros, 2.6% were immigrants from Madagascar, and the remaining 0.8% came from other countries.
The most powerful group was the Spaniards, people born in Spain and sent across the Atlantic to rule the colony.
The second group, called creoles, were people of Spanish background but born in Mexico.
The official figure for foreign-born residents in Mexico in 2000 was 493,000, with a majority (86.9%) of these born in the United States (except Chiapas, where the majority of immigrants are from Central America).
His father was Sultan Murad II (1404–51) and his mother Hüma Valide Hatun, born in the town of Devrekani, Kastamonu.
Hingis was born in Košice, Czechoslovakia (now in Slovakia) as Martina Hingisová Molitor, to accomplished tennis players Melanie Molitorová and Karol Hingis.
Płażyński was born in Młynary.
Mark Bingham was born in 1970, the only child of mother Alice Hoagland and father Gerald Bingham.
Lewinsky was born in San Francisco, California, and grew up in an affluent family in Southern California in the Westside Brentwood area of Los Angeles and in Beverly Hills.
Monica's maternal grandfather, Samuel M. Vilensky, was a Lithuanian Jew, and Monica's maternal grandmother, Bronia Poleshuk, was born in the British Concession of Tianjin, China, to a Russian Jewish family.
Planck was born in Kiel, Holstein, to Johann Julius Wilhelm Planck and his second wife, Emma Patzig.
Harry Currie, noted Canadian conductor, musician, educator, journalist and author was born in Moncton and graduated from MHS.
Maya Lin was born in Athens, Ohio.
Her father, Henry Huan Lin, born in Fuzhou, Fujian, was a ceramist and former dean of the Ohio University College of Fine Arts.
Her mother, Julia Chang Lin, born in Shanghai, is a poet and taught literature at Ohio University.
Tureaud was born in Chicago, Illinois, the youngest son in a family with twelve children.
In 2011, the 10 largest groups of immigrants were born in Iraq (9,940), Denmark (8,972), Serbia (8,426), Bosnia and Herzegovina (5,969), Lebanon (3,780), Iran (3,375), Poland (3,053), Turkey (2,110), Hungary (2,038) and Romania (2,014).
Three football players born in Kosovo (Milutin Šoškić, Fahrudin Jusufi, Vladimir Durković) were part of Yugoslavia national football team, which won a gold medal at the 1960 Summer Olympics and a silver medal at the 1960 European Championship.
The Basketball Federation of Kosovo was accepted as a full member of FIBA on 13 March 2015. Notable players born in Kosovo who played for the successful Yugoslavia and Serbia national teams include Zyfer Avdiu, Marko Simonović and Dejan Musli.
Engjëll Berisha, Masar Caka, Tahir Emra, Abdullah Gërguri, Hysni Krasniqi, Nimon Lokaj, Aziz Nimani, Ramadan Ramadani, Esat Valla and Lendita Zeqiraj are some of few Albanian painters born in Kosovo.
Prince Fumimaro Konoe was born into the ancient Fujiwara clan, and was the heir of the Konoe family in Tokyo.
Lev Kuleshov was born in 1899 into an intellectual Russian family.
Niven was born in Los Angeles.
Andriessen was born in Utrecht into a musical family, the son of the composer Hendrik Andriessen (1892–1981), brother of composers Jurriaan Andriessen (1925–1996) and Caecilia Andriessen (born 1931), and nephew of Willem Andriessen (1887–1964).
He married his wife, Melodie, on May 24, 1998, and his first child, Laurel, was born in late November 2000.
14,701 children were born in 2011 (birth rate 11.4 per 1,000).
The Museo Tamayo was opened in the mid-1980s to house the collection of international contemporary art donated by famed Mexican (born in the state of Oaxaca) painter Rufino Tamayo.
A native of the Rhône département's Urban Community of Lyon, France's second largest metropolitan area, Marcel-Auguste Ferréol was born in Sainte-Foy-lès-Lyon, one of the city's suburbs, and adopted his nom de plume at the start of his writing career in the early 1920s.
Yamasaki was born in Seattle, Washington, the son of John Tsunejiro Yamasaki and Hana Yamasaki, Japanese descendants.
In the biopic "Marlon Brando: The Wild One", Sam Shaw says, "Secretly, before the picture started, he went to Mexico to the very town where Zapata lived and was born in and it was there that he studied the speech patterns of people, their behavior, movement."
Kashfi was born in Calcutta and moved to Wales from India in 1947.
Misirkov was born in a village near Pella in Greek Macedonia.
In March 2009, United States Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, when officially visited Mexico City, stated that:

Almost a third of all immigrants in the U.S. were born in Mexico, being the source of the greatest number of both authorized (20%) and unauthorized (56%) migrants who come to the U.S. every year.
Only men or women born in Liechtenstein, and who are eligible to be elected to Parliament, may be elected to the government committee.
Sterne was born in Clonmel, County Tipperary.
Hearn was born in and named after the island of Lefkada, one of the Greek Ionian Islands, on 27 June 1850.
John Locke offered the "blank slate" theory where humans are born into the world with no innate knowledge.
However, the number of children born in Leipzig has risen since the late 1990s.
The composer Richard Wagner was born in Leipzig in 1813, in the Brühl.
The philosopher and mathematician Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz was born in Leipzig in 1646, and attended the university from 1661 to 1666.
His first child, a daughter named Priscilla Muthoni Leakey, was born in 1931.
Jonathan Leakey was born in 1940.
Philip Leakey was born in 1949.
Lederman was born in New York City, New York, the son of Minna (née Rosenberg) and Morris Lederman, a laundryman.
Lederman was born in New York to a family of Jewish immigrants from Russia.
It is named after the composer Enric Granados, who was born in the city.
In 1840 famous political cartoonist Thomas Nast was born in Landau.
Ullmann was born in Tokyo, Japan, the daughter of Erik Viggo Ullmann (1907–1945), a Norwegian aircraft engineer who was working in Tokyo at the time, and Janna Erbe (née Lund; 1910–1996), also Norwegian.
Birth certificates of babies born in Los Alamos during the war listed their place of birth as PO Box 1663 in Santa Fe.
Margaret Mead, the first of five children, was born in Philadelphia, but raised in nearby Doylestown, Pennsylvania.
Palin was born in Ranmoor, Sheffield, the second child and only son of Edward Moreton Palin (1900-1977).
Mariah Carey was born in Huntington, New York.
Citizens of Monaco, whether born in the country or naturalized, are called "Monégasque".
The Mongolian Navy was reborn in 1930s, while under Soviet rule, using it to transport oil.
Marvin Lee Minsky was born in New York City, to an eye surgeon father, Henry, and to a mother, Fannie, who was an activist of Zionist affairs.
Friedman was born in Brooklyn, New York on July 31, 1912.
He was born in 1907 and became chairman of the Cardiff RFU and president of the WRU between 1973 and 1974.
Kalashnikov was born in Kurya, Altai Governorate, Russian SFSR, now Altai Krai, Russia, as the seventeenth child of the 19 children of Aleksandra Frolovna Kalashnikova (née Kaverina) and Timofey Aleksandrovich Kalashnikov, who were peasants.
Basil Bunting, born in 1901, published his most important Modernist poem "Briggflatts" in 1965.
Lemmy was born in Stoke-on-Trent and grew up in Staffordshire and later North Wales.
For example, white Americans born in 2010 are expected to live until age 78.9, but black Americans only until age 75.1.
For an extinct or completed cohort (all people born in year 1850, for example), it can of course simply be calculated by averaging the ages at death.
One such example can be seen in the "In Search of..." episode "The Man Who Would Not Die" (About Count of St. Germain) where it is stated "Evidence recently discovered in the British Museum indicates that St. Germain may have well been the long lost third son of Rákóczi born in Transylvania in 1694.
Leo, whose original name was Konon, was born in Germanikeia in the Syrian province of Commagene (modern Kahramanmaraş in Turkey).
Though born in Rīga in 1937, she settled in Canada during the years of the Soviet occupation, becoming a well-respected academic in the subject of Latvian culture.
Hazem El Masri, who was born in Tripoli, will always be considered to be the greatest Lebanese to ever play the game.
Syrian refugees who were born in Lebanon are at an increased risk, as 72 percent of them do not possess official birth certificates.
Although descended from peoples of African origin, the ancestors of Americo-Liberians had been born in the United States for generations before emigrating to Africa; they held American cultural, religious and social values, shaped by their own heritage.
Their youngest daughter (born in early 1938 in Moscow after Mao separated) and one other child (born 1933) died in infancy.
Kings of the Jagiellonian dynasty, especially Sigismund I the Old (himself born in Lesser Poland's Kozienice), and his son Sigismund II Augustus (born in Kraków), resided in Kraków, which was the capital of the immense Polish – Lithuanian Commonwealth.
A number of prominent artists, both representing Romanticism, and Positivism was born in Lesser Poland, including Wincenty Pol (born in Lublin), Stefan Żeromski (born near Kielce), Aleksander Świętochowski (born near Łuków in extreme northeast corner of Lesser Poland), Walery Przyborowski (born near Kielce), Piotr Michałowski, Helena Modjeska, Henryk Wieniawski (born in Lublin), Leon Wyczolkowski (born near Siedlce), Juliusz Kossak (born in Nowy Wiśnicz), Jozef Szujski (born in Tarnów).
Many artists associated with the movement were born in Lesser Poland, with the most prominent including Wladyslaw Orkan, Kazimierz Przerwa-Tetmajer, Xawery Dunikowski, Jacek Malczewski, Jozef Mehoffer, and Stanisław Wyspiański.
Several important figures of interbellum political, military, and cultural life of Poland were born in Lesser Poland.
A number of key personalities of Communist government were born in Lesser Poland, including Józef Cyrankiewicz, Bolesław Bierut, Edward Gierek, Wojciech Jaruzelski, Czesław Kiszczak, Stanisław Kania, Hilary Minc, Edward Ochab, Michał Rola-Żymierski, Józef Oleksy.
Among prominent personalities of Polish cultural life of the 20th century, who were born in Lesser Poland, there are: Xawery Dunikowski, Witold Gombrowicz, Gustaw Herling-Grudziński, Sławomir Mrożek, Tadeusz Kantor, Jan Kanty Pawluśkiewicz, Marek Kondrat, Maria Pawlikowska-Jasnorzewska, Krzysztof Penderecki, Zbigniew Preisner, Leon Schiller, Jerzy Stuhr, Jan Sztaudynger, Grzegorz Turnau, Jerzy Turowicz.
Among late and retired sports stars who were born in the region, there also are Polish Sportspersonalities of the Year: tennis player and Wimbledon finalist Jadwiga Jędrzejowska, skier Józef Łuszczek, ski jumper Stanisław Marusarz, and driver Sobiesław Zasada.
Bertram was born in Toronto, Ontario, and lives in Vancouver, British Columbia.
Lou Ferrigno was born in Brooklyn, New York, to Victoria and Matt Ferrigno, a police lieutenant.
Pirandello was born into an upper-class family in the village of u Càvusu (Chaos), a poor suburb of Girgenti (Agrigento, a town in southern Sicily).
Ultimately, the Pandavas and Balarama take renunciation as Jain monks and are reborn in heavens, while on the other hand Krishna and Jarasandha are reborn in hell.
In keeping with the law of karma, Krishna is reborn in hell for his exploits (sexual and violent) while Jarasandha for his evil ways.
Ventris was born into a traditional army family.
The Marx Brothers were born in New York City, the sons of Jewish immigrants from Germany and France.
The brothers are best known by their stage names:

Another brother, Manfred ("Mannie"), the first-born son of Sam and Minnie, was born in 1886 and died in infancy:

The Marx Brothers also had an older sister, actually a cousin, born in January 1885 who had been adopted by Minnie and Frenchie.
Maimonides was born in Córdoba during what some scholars consider to be the end of the golden age of Jewish culture in the Iberian Peninsula, after the first centuries of the Moorish rule.
Adler was born in New York City on December 28, 1902, to Jewish immigrants from Germany.
Adler was born into a nonobservant Jewish family.
Karl Emil Maximilian Weber was born in 1864, in Erfurt, Province of Saxony, Prussia.
Horkheimer was born into a conservative, wealthy, and orthodox Jewish family.
Bowell was born in Rickinghall, Suffolk, England.
Bowell was born in Rickinghall, England, to John Bowell and Elizabeth Marshall.
Groening was born on February 15, 1954 in Portland, Oregon, the middle of five children (older brother Mark and sister Patty were born in 1950 and 1952, while the younger sisters Lisa and Maggie in 1956 and 1958, respectively).
Homer, born in Main Centre, Saskatchewan, Canada, grew up in a Mennonite, Plautdietsch-speaking family.
Dave Apollon, who became a well known (U.S.-based) player, was born in Kiev, then part of Russia.
Oldfield was born in the Battle Hospital in Reading and attended St Joseph's Convent School, Highlands Junior School, St Edward's Preparatory School, and Presentation College in Reading.
There was a gradual increase in eligible age to collect pensions in Malta in the 1950s and 1960s; for example, someone who was born in 1953 needs to be 62 years old in order to collect pensions while another person born in 1960 has to be 64 years old in order to collect pensions.
According to the 2006 by-census, 47% of the residents were born in mainland China, of whom 74.1% were born in Guangdong and 15.2% in Fujian.
Meanwhile, 42.5% of the residents were born in Macao, and those born in Hong Kong, the Philippines and Portugal shared 3.7%, 2.0% and 0.3% respectively.
Analysed by place of birth, 255,186 (46.2%) were born in Mainland China, down by 1.2 percentage points from 2001.
226,127 (40.9%) were born in Macau, 19,355 (3.5%) in Hong Kong and 1,835 (0.3%) in Portugal.
There were more persons born in other countries or territories as the number of non-resident workers increased.
Among them, 14,544 were born in the Philippines, 7,199 in Vietnam and 6,269 in Indonesia, altogether taking up 5.1% of the total population.
1,942 were born in Europe other than Portugal, 2,252 in Americas, 959 in Africa and 672 in Oceania.
Analysed by age group, 85.2% of the youth population (aged 0–14) were born in Macau, and 62.9% of those aged 35 and above were born in Mainland China.
Ho, born in Macau in 1955, was the first Chinese person to govern the region since the 1550s.
A member of the plebeian Antonia gens, Antony was born in Rome on January 14, 83 BC.
Ibn 'Abd al-Wahhab is generally acknowledged to have been born in 1703 into the sedentary and impoverished Arab clan of Banu Tamim in 'Uyayna, a village in the Najd region of central Arabia.
Lars Magnus was born in Värmskog, Värmland, and grew up in the small village of Vegerbol located between Karlstad and Arvika.
The "Vital Statistics Act of 2006", which took effect in March 2007, states that: "Upon receipt of a certified copy of an order of the CNMI Superior Court indicating the sex of an individual born in the CNMI has been changed by surgical procedure and whether such individual’s name has been changed, the certificate of birth of such individual shall be amended as prescribed by regulation."
Von Sacher-Masoch was born in the city of Lemberg (now Lviv, Ukraine), the capital of the Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria, at the time a province of the Austrian Empire, into the Roman Catholic family of an Austrian civil servant, Leopold Johann Nepomuk Ritter von Sacher, and Charlotte von Masoch, a Ukrainian noblewoman.
Marvin was born in New York City.
Torvalds was born in Helsinki, Finland in 1969.
Tove and Linus were later married and have three daughters, Patricia Miranda (born 1996), Daniela Yolanda (born 1998), and Celeste Amanda (born 2000), two of whom were born in the United States.
He was born in the Kashmir Valley in a family of scholars and mystics and studied all the schools of philosophy and art of his time under the guidance of as many as fifteen (or more) teachers and gurus.
Glastian of Kinglassie B (AC) (also known as Glastian of MacGlastian) was born in Fife, Scotland.
Khwaja Ahmad Abbas was born in Panipat, Haryana.
He was born in the home of celebrated Urdu poet, Khwaja Altaf Hussain Hali, a student of Mirza Ghalib.
Mehmed was born in 1386 or 1387 as the fourth son of Sultan Bayezid I () and one of his wives, the slave girl Devlet Hatun.
Murad was born in June 1404 to Sultan Mehmed I and his wife Emine Hatun, and he spent his early childhood in Amasya.
Mustafa was born in the Manisa Palace, as the younger brother of Ahmed I (1603–17).
Murad IV was born in Istanbul, the son of Sultan Ahmed I (r. 1603–17) and the ethnic Greek Kösem Sultan.
Saints Cyril and Methodius, Byzantine Greeks born in Thessaloniki, were the creators of the first Slavic Glagolitic alphabet and Old Church Slavonic language.
In 2015, 23,075 children were born in Macedonia.
In 2016, 23,002 children were born in Macedonia.
Tacitus was born in Interamna (Terni), in Italia.
Foot was born in Lipson Terrace, Plymouth, Devon, the fifth of seven children of Isaac Foot (1880–1960) and Eva (née Mackintosh, died 17 May 1946), who was Scottish.
The shares of European immigrants born in Eastern Europe increased significantly between 1990 and 2010.
Twenty-time Grand Slam champion Serena Williams was born in Saginaw.
Their son, Mazi, was born in early 1978.
Morihei Ueshiba was born in Nishinotani village (now part of the city of Tanabe), Wakayama Prefecture, Japan, on December 14, 1883, the fourth child (and only son) born to Yoroku Ueshiba and his wife Yuki.
His second son, Kuniharu, was born in 1920 in Ayabe, but died from illness the same year, along with three-year-old Takemori.
His son Kisshomaru was born in the summer of 1921.
He had been born into a farming family and spent much of his life cultivating the land, from his settlement days in Hokkaidō to his work in Ayabe trying to make the Ōmoto-kyō compound self-sufficient.
His father was the Reverend David Kaunda, an ordained Church of Scotland missionary and teacher, who was born in Nyasaland (now Malawi) and had moved to Chinsali to work at Lubwa Mission.
Bloch was born in Neisse (Nysa), in the German Empire's Prussian Province of Silesia.
Klement Gottwald was born in Heroltice as the illegitimate son of a poor peasant, Marie Gottwaldová.
He was born in Bangalore, South India, and educated at Saint Ronan's School in Worthing, West Sussex, and at Cheltenham College, where he met his lifelong friend and biographer, the screenwriter and novelist Gavin Lambert; and at Wadham College at the University of Oxford, where he read English.
Helene Bertha Amalie Riefenstahl was born in Germany on 22 August 1902.
Creole comes from the Portuguese word "crioulo"; originally it referred to a colonist of European (specifically French) descent who was born in the New World, in comparison to immigrants from France.
The oldest Louisiana manuscript to use the word "Creole," from 1782, applied it to a slave born in the French colony.
But originally it referred more generally to the French colonists born in Louisiana.
Oswald was born in New Orleans, Louisiana, on October 18, 1939, to Robert Edward Lee Oswald, Sr. (1896–1939) and Marguerite Frances Claverie (1907–1981).
Lactantius, a Latin-speaking North African of Berber origin, was not born into a Christian family.
Beria was born in Merkheuli, near Sukhumi, in the Sukhum Okrug of the Kutais Governorate (now Gulripshi District, Abkhazia, Georgia, then part of the Russian Empire).
Plato believed that talent was distributed non-genetically and thus must be found in children born in any social class.
Del the Funky Homosapien similarly states that "rap" was used to refer to talking in a stylistic manner in the early 1970s: "I was born in '72... back then what rapping meant, basically, was you trying to convey something—you're trying to convince somebody.
Limbaugh was born in Cape Girardeau, Missouri, the son of Mildred Carolyn "Millie" (née Armstrong) and Rush Hudson Limbaugh, Jr. His father was a lawyer and a U.S. fighter pilot who served in the China Burma India Theater of World War II.
Paul Auster was born in Newark, New Jersey, to Jewish middle-class parents of Polish descent, Queenie (née Bogat) and Samuel Auster.
The number of Romanians and individuals with ancestors born in Romania living abroad is estimated at around 12 million.
Chambers was born in Peebles in the Scottish borders 10 July 1802 to Jean Gibson ("c".1781–1843) and James Chambers, a cotton manufacturer.
Wagner had publicly analysed the Oedipus myth before Freud was born in terms of its psychological significance, insisting that incestuous desires are natural and normal, and perceptively exhibiting the relationship between sexuality and anxiety.
Peter F. Hamilton was born in Rutland, England on 2 March 1960.
He was born in Italy in the late 920s or early 930s AD, although the exact date is not known.
Benedetto was born in Anagni, some southeast of Rome.
It is believed that Uccello was born in Pratovecchio in 1397, and his tax declarations for some years indicate that he was born in 1397, but in 1446 he claimed to be born in 1396.
Giovanni Angelo Medici was born in Milan on 31 March 1499 as the second of eleven children to Bernardino de' Medici and Clelia Serbelloni.
Piccolomini, a member of the House of Piccolomini was born in Sarteano on 29 May 1439 as the fourth child of Nanno Todeschini and Laudomia Piccolomini, the sister of Aeneas Silvius Piccolomini who was Pope Pius II.
Giulio Rospigliosi was born in 1600 to the Rospigliosi family, a noble family of Pistoia in the Grand Duchy of Tuscany to Giacomo and Caterina Rospigliosi.
Emilio Boneventura Altieri was born in Rome in 1590, the son of Lorenzo Altieri and Victoria Delfin, a noble Venetian lady, sister of Flaminio Delfin, commander general of the Papal Armies, and of Gentile Delfin, bishop of Camerino.
Giovanni Francesco Albani was born in 1649 in Urbino to a distinguished family.
Rafter was born in Mount Isa, Queensland, and is third-youngest in a family of nine children.
Their daughter, India, was born in May 2005.
Abdul was born in San Fernando, California, to Jewish parents.
Abdul's father, Harry Abdul, was born into the Syrian Jewish community in Aleppo, Syria, was raised in Brazil, and subsequently immigrated to the United States.
Most of these rivers are born in the "Cordillera Central", Puerto Rico's principal mountain range located across the center of the island.
The U.S. Supreme Court in the case United States v. Wong Kim Ark, 169 U.S. 649 (1898) declared that all nonwhites who were born in the United States were eligible for citizenship via the Citizenship Clause of the 14th Amendment.
U.S. Federal law approved by the President Harry S. Truman on June 27, 1952 declared all persons born in Puerto Rico on or after January 13, 1941 to be citizens of the U.S. at birth and all persons born in Puerto Rico between April 11, 1899, and January 12, 1941, and meeting certain other technical requirements, and not citizens of the United States under any other Act, were declared to be citizens of the U.S. as of January 13, 1941.
All persons born in Puerto Rico after 1941 are considered natural-born citizens of the United States, one of the constitutional requirements to be President of the United States.
In addition, this is reiterated by an April 2000 CRS report by the Congressional Research Service, this report asserts that citizens born in Puerto Rico, are legally defined as natural born citizens and are, therefore, also eligible to be elected President of the United States.
The term ´Fuji Shock´ was truly born in Peru after Fujimori's government successfully tackled hyperinflation in 1991, using Sach's ideas.
In 1380, Karim ul' Makdum and Shari'ful Hashem Syed Abu Bakr, an Arab trader born in Johore, arrived in Sulu from Malacca and established the Sultanate of Sulu by converting Sulu's rajah, Rajah Baguinda Ali and marrying his daughter.
Many Spaniards born in the Philippines (') and those of mixed ancestry (') became wealthy and an influx of Latin American immigrants opened up government positions traditionally held by Spaniards born in the Iberian Peninsula (').
Diana was born into the Spencer family, a family of British nobility with royal ancestry and was the youngest daughter of John Spencer, Viscount Althorp, and Frances Roche.
Diana was born into the British Spencer family, different branches of which hold the titles of Duke of Marlborough, Earl Spencer, Earl of Sunderland, and Baron Churchill of Whichwood.
Clement was born in Saint-Gilles-du-Gard in the Languedoc region of France, the son of successful lawyer Pierre Foucois and his wife Marguerite Ruffi.
Pierre Roger (also spelled Rogier and Rosiers) was born in the château of Maumont, today part of the commune of Rosiers-d'Égletons, Corrèze, in Limousin, France, the son of the lord of Maumont-Rosiers-d'Égletons.
Polanski was born in Paris, and his Polish-Jewish parents moved the family back to Poland in 1937, when he was four.
Polanski was born in Paris; he was the son of Bula (née Katz-Przedborska) and Ryszard Polański, a painter and manufacturer of sculptures, who had changed his family name from Liebling.
Polański's father was Jewish and originally from Poland; Polański's mother, born in Russia, had been raised Roman Catholic and was of half Jewish ancestry.
Jack was a salesman and storyteller whose grandparents were Irish Catholic emigrants from County Tipperary, while Nelle was of half English and half Scottish descent (her mother was born in Surrey).
Protagoras was born in Abdera, Thrace, opposite the island of Thasos (today part of the Xanthi regional unit).
The Palestinian Authority has said that anyone born in Palestine carrying a birth certificate attesting to that can apply for a PA passport.
Universally wishing sentient beings, Friends, foes, and karmic creditors, all to activate the bodhi mind, and all to be reborn in the Pure Land of Ultimate Bliss."
The first foal of the project was born in 1988.
Qusay was born in Baghdad in 1966 to Ba'athist revolutionary Saddam Hussein, who was in prison at the time, and his wife and cousin, Sajida Talfah.
Of the people residing in Rhode Island, 58.7% were born in Rhode Island, 26.6% were born in a different state, 2.0% were born in Puerto Rico, U.S. Island areas or born abroad to American parent(s), and 12.6% were foreign born.
Pieter Stuyvesant was born in 1610 in Peperga, Friesland, in the Netherlands, to Balthasar Stuyvesant, a Reformed Calvinist minister, and Margaretha Hardenstein.
In 1380, Karim ul' Makdum and Shari'ful Hashem Syed Abu Bakr, an Arab trader born in Johore, arrived in Sulu from Malacca and established the Sultanate of Sulu by converting its previous ruler, the Hindu king, Rajah Baguinda, to Islam and then marrying his daughter.
The Philippines has contributed one Prime Minister to Spain, Marcelo Azcarraga, who was born in the Bicol Peninsula in the Philippine Islands, Spain.
According to Memi: It is a song against racism, so I wanted to sing it with a North African who was born in France [...] Because of that and because of his talent, I chose K-Mel.
It's like the kids who were born in France but they have Arab faces.
He was born in Camden, New Jersey.
This term, was part of the caste classification during colonial times, whereby people of exclusive Spanish descent but born in the colonies were called criollos, people of mixed Amerindian and Spanish descent were called mestizos, those of African and Spanish descent were called emulators and those of Amerindian and African descent were called Zambos.
Pierre Teilhard de Chardin was born in the Château of Sarcenat at Orcines, close to Clermont-Ferrand, France, on 1 May 1881.
Alfred Jacob, although a British citizen, had been born in America near Philadelphia, and in 1940, after being forced out of Spain and with the situation in Britain deteriorating, the family sailed to the United States.
Saint Pachomius was born in 292 in Thebes (Luxor, Egypt) to pagan parents.
Their daughter Astrid (now married to science fiction author Greg Bear) was born in 1954.
Among the first things that children born in the camps learn is the name of their village of origin.
He was born in a Smålandian village and under the early teens a farmer, but science, with its celebrities such as Charles Darwin and Albert Einstein made such an impression on him, as to motivate him to accomplish college studies by letter correspondence.
According to the "Liber Pontificalis", Linus was an Italian born in Volterra in the Tuscany region.
Keating was born in Sydney, and left school at the age of 14.
All of Keating's grandparents were born in Australia.
On his father's side, he was descended from Irish immigrants born in Galway, Roscommon, and Tipperary.
It is believed that he was born in Bedmond in the parish of Abbots Langley in Hertfordshire and received his early education at Merton Priory and the Abbey School, St Albans.
Pedro Julião was probably born in Lisbon between 1210 and 1220.
He was born into modest circumstances as the son of Florens Boeyensz, also born in Utrecht, and his wife Geertruid.
Anastasius was born in Rome, the son of a priest, and is buried in St. Peter's Basilica.
He was born in Rome, the son of Maximus.
He was born in Rome as a son of Aimerico, a member of the Roman Savelli family.
Giacomo Savelli was born in Rome into the rich and influential family of the Savelli.
Anderson was born in Ladysmith, British Columbia, the daughter of Barry, a furnace repairman, and Carol (née Grosco) Anderson, a waitress.
In order to be eligible, applicants must have been born in Puerto Rico; born outside of Puerto Rico to a Puerto Rican–born parent; or be an American citizen with at least one year of residence in Puerto Rico.
Most notably Charles Dickens – known for such works as "Oliver Twist", "A Tale of Two Cities", and "The Pickwick Papers"was born in Portsmouth.
Sir Walter Besant, a novelist and historian, was born in Portsmouth, writing one novel set exclusively in the town, "By Celia's Arbour, A Tale of Portsmouth Town".
Historian Frances Yates was born in Portsmouth and is known for her work on Renaissance esotericism.
More contemporary Portsmouth literary figures include social critic, journalist, and author Christopher Hitchens, who was born in the city.
Isambard Kingdom Brunel, a famed engineer of the Industrial Revolution, was born in Portsmouth.
Peter Sellers, comedian, actor, and performer, was born in Southsea, and Arnold Schwarzenegger lived and trained in Portsmouth for a short time.
Sir Alec Rose, single-handed yachtsman, Katy Sexton, former world champion swimmer who won gold in the backstroke at the 2003 World Aquatics Championships in Barcelona, and Roger Black, an Olympic medallist, were also born in Portsmouth.
Ugolino (Hugh) was born in Anagni.
Alfons de Borja was born in La Torreta in 1378.
At the time he was born in the Kingdom of Valencia under the Crown of Aragon.
Alessandro Ludovisi was born in Bologna in 1554 to Pompeo Ludovisi, the Count of Samoggia (now Savigno in the Province of Bologna) and of Camilla Bianchini.
The Italian poet Attilio Bertolucci (born in a hamlet in the countryside) wrote: "As a capital city it had to have a river.
He succeeded Pope Innocent VII and in turn was succeeded by Pope Martin V.

Angelo Corraro was born in Venice of a noble family, about 1327, and was appointed Bishop of Castello in 1380, succeeding Bishop Nicolò Morosini.
Gosse was born in Worcester in 1810 of an itinerant painter of miniature portraits and a lady's maid.
Peter Mark Roget was born in London.
He was born in Celle Ligure, a town near Savona.
In 212, during the reign of Caracalla, Roman citizenship was granted to all freeborn inhabitants of the empire.
After all freeborn inhabitants of the empire were universally enfranchised in AD 212, a great number of Roman citizens would have lacked Latin, though they were expected to acquire at least a token knowledge, and Latin remained a marker of "Romanness."
In 212 AD, by means of the edict known as the "Constitutio Antoniniana", the emperor Caracalla extended citizenship to all freeborn inhabitants of the empire.
The military established control of a territory through war, but after a city or people was brought under treaty, the military mission turned to policing: protecting Roman citizens (after 212 AD, all freeborn inhabitants of the Empire), the agricultural fields that fed them, and religious sites.
413), born in Hispania Tarraconensis and a fervent Christian, was thoroughly versed in the poets of the Classical tradition, and transforms their vision of poetry as a monument of immortality into an expression of the poet's quest for eternal life culminating in Christian salvation.
His mother, Florence Hannah Dirac, Holten, the daughter of a ship's captain, was born in Cornwall, England, and worked as a librarian at the Bristol Central Library.
The founder of the Sikh faith, Guru Nanak, was born in the Punjab town of Nankana Sahib near Lahore.
Glass was born in Baltimore, Maryland, the son of Ida (née Gouline) and Benjamin Charles Glass.
The Israelites were instructed to mark the doorposts of their homes with the blood of a slaughtered spring lamb and, upon seeing this, the spirit of the Lord knew to "pass over" the first-born in these homes, hence the English name of the holiday.
Lucy Maud Montgomery, who was born in Clifton (now New London) in 1874, wrote some 20 novels and numerous short stories that have been collected into anthologies.
The pope began to speak for the very last time: ""I had the great grace to be born into a Christian family, modest and poor, but with the fear of the Lord.
Romans mourned "their" pope, who was born in their own city, especially as a hero in the time of war.
He was born in Rome as Mercurius, son of Projectus.
Agapetus was born in Rome, although his exact date of birth is unknown.
Pietro Vito Ottoboni was born in 1610 of a noble Venetian family, and was the youngest of nine children of Vittoria Tornielli and Marco Ottoboni, grand chancellor of the Republic of Venice.
Of Alexander's many mistresses the one for whom passion lasted longest was Vannozza (Giovanna) dei Cattanei, born in 1442, and wife of three successive husbands.
Anselm was born in Milan of a noble family.
Pope Alexander III was born in Siena.
Karol Józef Wojtyła was born in the Polish town of Wadowice.
René du Perron Descartes was born in La Haye en Touraine (now Descartes, Indre-et-Loire), France, on 31 March 1596.
In Amsterdam, he had a relationship with a servant girl, Helena Jans van der Strom, with whom he had a daughter, Francine, who was born in 1635 in Deventer.
Rodríguez was born in San Antonio, Texas, the son of Mexican parents Rebecca (née Villegas), a nurse, and Cecilio G. Rodríguez, a salesman.
Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky was born in Votkinsk, a small town in Vyatka Governorate (present-day Udmurtia) in the Russian Empire, into a family with a long line of military service.
because "Great Men" were born there by chance: Leonardo da Vinci, Botticelli and Michelangelo were all born in Tuscany.
In 1533, a fourteen-year-old Caterina de' Medici (1519–1589), born in Florence to Lorenzo II de' Medici and Madeleine de la Tour d'Auvergne, married Henry II of France, second son of King Francis I and Queen Claude.
Pierre-Auguste Renoir was born in Limoges, Haute-Vienne, France, in 1841.
Alternately, pro-life advocates frame the issue as one in which a partially-born infant's life is disposable, whereas pulling the infant only a few more inches down the birth canal automatically transforms it into "a living person, possessing rights and deserving of protection."
Anterus was the son of Romulus, born in Petilia Policastro, Calabria.
He was born in Hainichen, near Jena.
Peter Carey was born in Bacchus Marsh, Victoria, in 1943.
He was born in Mesoraca, Calabria.
An alternative popular hypothesis, however, suggests that he was born in La Salle in the Aosta valley in Italy.
Narendra Modi — the Chief Minister of Gujarat — was elected prime minister; becoming the first prime minister to have been born in an independent India.
Lotario de' Conti was born in Gavignano, Italy, near Anagni.
Musharraf's mother Zarin, born in the early 1920s, grew up in Lucknow and received her schooling there, after which she graduated from Indraprastha College in Delhi University, taking a bachelor's degree in English literature.
Parmenides was born in the Greek colony of Elea (now Ascea), which, according to Herodotus, had been founded shortly before 535 BC.
It is believed that he was born in Sarsina, a small town in Emilia Romagna in northern Italy, around 254 BC.
Eventually they had two children: Claude Picasso, born in 1947 and Paloma Picasso, born in 1949.
He was generous to his friends, stingy towards those who displeased him, well-versed in the art of stratagem, orthodox in belief, prudent and stubborn in his resolves.
Philip was born in Gonesse on 21 August 1165.
Randolph was born in Tazewell Hall, Williamsburg, Virginia, to a prominent family.
The elder of two sons, Macnee was born in Paddington, London, England on 6 February 1922; to Daniel Macnee (1877−1952) and Dorothea Mabel Macnee (née Henry) (1896−1984).
The statutes were notable in that they both gave preference to students born in France who had already studied elsewhere in England, and that they required students to report fellow students if they indulged in excessive drinking or visited disreputable houses.
Isaac of Nineveh, a 7th-century Syriac Christian bishop regarded as a saint in some churches, was born in Beth Qatraye.
Lorenzo Corsini was born in Florence in 1652 as the son of Bartolomeo Corsini, Marquis of Casigliano and his wife Elisabetta Strozzi, the sister of the Duke of Bagnuolo.
Carlo della Torre di Rezzonico was born in 1693 to a recently ennobled family of Venice, the second of two children of the man who bought the unfinished palace on the Grand Canal (now Ca' Rezzonico) and finished its construction.
Ganganelli was born in Santarcangelo di Romagna in 1705 as the second child of Lorenzo Ganganelli and Angela Serafina Maria Mazza.
Children born into these households were considered free.
He was the first pope to have been born in the twentieth century.
Giovanni Battista Montini was born in the village of Concesio, in the province of Brescia, Lombardy, Italy, in 1897.
He was born in Cambridge on March 13, 1855, the brother of Abbott Lawrence Lowell and Amy Lowell.
The Elizabethan navigator, Sir Francis Drake was born in the nearby town of Tavistock and was the mayor of Plymouth.
William Cookworthy born in Kingsbridge set up his successful porcelain business in the city and was a close friend of John Smeaton designer of the Eddystone Lighthouse.
Jazz musician John Surman, born in nearby Tavistock, has close connections to the area, evidenced by his 2012 album Saltash Bells.
The avant garde prepared guitarist Keith Rowe was born in the city before establishing the jazz free improvisation band AMM in London in 1965 and MIMEO in 1997.
George Passmore of Turner Prize winning duo Gilbert and George was born in the city, as was Labour politician Michael Foot whose family reside at nearby Trematon Castle.
America based actor Donald Moffat, whose roles include American Vice President Lyndon B. Johnson in the film "The Right Stuff", and fictional President Bennett in "Clear and Present Danger", was born in Plymouth.
He says that Fox, MGM, and special effects artist Stuart Freeborn in England, "who had just completed his groundbreaking ape suits for ""," would have been preferable.
James Buchanan, of Franklin County, the only bachelor President of the United States, was the only one to be born in Pennsylvania.
Of the people residing in Pennsylvania, 74.5% were born in Pennsylvania, 18.4% were born in a different U.S. state, 1.5% were born Puerto Rico, U.S. Island areas, or born abroad to American parent(s), and 5.6% were foreign born.
Guru Nanak, Sikhism's founder, was born into a Hindu Khatri family in the village of "Rāi Bhōi dī Talwandī ("present day Nankana, near Sial in modern-day Pakistan).
Benedict was born in Rome.
The son of a Roman of German ancestry named Hildebrand, Benedict VI was born in Rome in the region called "Sub Capitolio" (in what was the old 8th region of Augustan Rome, the ).
Benedict was born in Rome, the son of David or Deodatus (brother of Alberic II of Spoleto).
Niccolò Boccasini was born in Treviso to Boccasio, a municipal notary (died 1246), whose brother was a priest; and Ber(n)arda, who worked as a laundress for the Dominican friars of Treviso.
He is believed to have been born in Canté in the Comté de Foix around the 1280s to a family of modest means.
He was born in Gravina in Puglia, the eldest of six sons of Ferdinando III Orsini, duke of Gravina, and Giovanna Frangipani della Tolfa, from Toritto.
Lambertini was born into a noble family of Bologna to Marcello Lambertini and Lucrezia Bulgarini, the third of five children.
Phil Ochs was born in El Paso, Texas, to Jacob "Jack" Ochs, a physician who was born in New York on August 11, 1910, and Gertrude Phin Ochs, who was born on February 26, 1912 in Scotland.
He was born into the noble Orsini family in Rome and served as a cardinal-deacon prior to becoming pope.
God then removed the memory of this event from the minds of Mankind (leaving only an innate awareness that He exists and is One, known as the Fitra) and He decreed at which point each and every human would be born into the physical world.
Teobaldo Visconti, a member of the Visconti of Piacenza, was born in Piacenza around 1210.
Lipponen was born in Turtola (subsequently renamed Pello), son of Orvo Lipponen and his wife Hilkka Iisalo.
Pierre de Frédy was born in Paris on 1 January 1863, into an aristocratic family.
Nurmi was born in Turku, Finland, to carpenter Johan Fredrik Nurmi and his wife Matilda Wilhelmiina Laine.
Nurmi's siblings, Siiri, Saara, Martti and Lahja, were born in 1898, 1902, 1905 and 1908, respectively.
Murray was born in Perth, Scotland, and was in 1829 Secretary of State for the Colonies and Member for Perthshire in the British House of Commons.
South African residents overtook those born in Italy as the fourth largest foreign group in 2001.
He was the first bishop of Rome born in the Roman Province of Africa—probably in Leptis Magna (or Tripolitania).
He was a legitimate son of Pope Hormisdas, born in Frosinone, Campania, some time before his father entered the priesthood.
Pol Pot was born in the village of Prek Sbauv, outside the city of Kampong Thom.
A Greek born in Sicily, Stephen III was the son of a man named Olivus.
He was born in Rome as Pietro Martino Buccaporci, which essentially translates as "Peter Martin Pig's Snout."
Buccaporci was born in Rome, the son of Peter the Shoemaker.
Chandler was born in 1888 in Chicago, the son of Florence Dart (Thornton) and Maurice Benjamin Chandler.
Ralph Nader was born in Winsted, Connecticut, to Nathra and Rose (née Bouziane) Nader, both of whom were immigrants from Lebanon.
Bach was born in Oak Park, Illinois to Roland R. Bach, an American Red Cross chapter manager, and Ruth (née Shaw).
Petty was born in Level Cross, North Carolina, the son of Elizabeth (née Toomes) and Lee Arnold Petty, also a NASCAR driver, and the older brother of NASCAR personality Maurice Petty.
Scott was born in South Shields, County Durham, North East England, to Elizabeth (Williams) and Colonel Francis Percy Scott.
On the north bank of the river arrived the French explorer Pierre Savorgnan de Brazza, born in the Italian city of Rome in 1852.
The most prominent Congolese politician until 1956 was Jean-Félix Tchicaya, born in Libreville on 9 November 1903 and a member of the royal family of the Kingdom of Loango.
Best was born in the city of Madras, then part of British India.
Best's mother, Mona Best (born Alice Mona Shaw), was born in Delhi, India, and was the daughter of Thomas (an Irish major) and Mary Shaw.
Randolph Peter Scanland (later surnamed Best), her first child, was born in Madras (now Chennai), Madras Presidency, British India, on 24 November 1941.
Known "facts" about Bachman were that he was born in New York, served a four-year stint in the Coast Guard, which he then followed with ten years in the merchant marines.
Roberto Baggio was born in Caldogno, Veneto, the son of Matilde and Fiorindo Baggio, the sixth of eight siblings.
Matheson was born in Allendale, New Jersey, to Norwegian immigrants Bertolf and Fanny, who divorced when he was 8.
Cadigan was born in Schenectady, New York, and grew up in Fitchburg, Massachusetts.
In 1972, he found a dead baby of about 50 days old, which had presumably been born in captivity, at his wildlife park at Burleigh Heads on the Gold Coast, Queensland.
White was born in Knightsbridge, London, to Victor Martindale White and Ruth Withycombe, both Australians, in their apartment overlooking Hyde Park, London on 28 May 1912.
Paul Leroy Robeson was born in Princeton, New Jersey, in 1898, to Reverend William Drew Robeson and Maria Louisa Bustill.
His father, William, was born into slavery, escaped from a plantation in his teens and eventually became the minister of Princeton's Witherspoon Street Presbyterian Church in 1881.
Paul Robeson Jr. was born in November 1927 in New York, while Robeson and Brown toured Europe.
26,700 of these in the City of Paris and 210,159 in the Paris Region were people born in Overseas France (more than two-thirds of whom in the French West Indies) and are therefore not counted as immigrants since they were legally French citizens at birth.
A further 103,648 in the City of Paris and in 412,114 in the Paris Region were born in foreign countries with French citizenship at birth.
The remaining group, people born in foreign countries with no French citizenship at birth, are those defined as immigrants under French law.
According to INSEE, the French government statistical office, between 4 and 5 million French residents were born or had at least one parent born in a predominately Muslim country, particularly Algeria, Morocco, and Tunisia.
The movie industry was born in Paris when Auguste and Louis Lumière projected the first motion picture for a paying audience at the Grand Café on 28 December 1895.
Cohen was born in Long Branch, New Jersey, into a Jewish family that had immigrated to the United States from what is now Poland; he grew up in Brooklyn.
Patricia Lee Smith was born in Chicago to Beverly Smith, a jazz singer turned waitress, and Grant Smith, who worked as a machinist at a Honeywell plant.
Some poets and novelists born in Panamá are:

The U.S. influence in Panama can be seen in the country's sports.
The current President of Rwanda is Paul Kagame, born in 1957.
Located at: Scuola Normale Superiore di Pisa – Piazza dei Cavalieri, 7 – 56126 Pisa (Italia)

Located at: Scuola Superiore Sant'Anna, P.zza Martiri della Libertà, 33 – 56127 – Pisa (Italia)

Located at: Università di Pisa – Lungarno Pacinotti, 43 – 56126 Pisa (Italia)


For people born in Pisa, see ; among notable non-natives long resident in the city:

Pisa is a one-hour drive from Florence ().
Giovanni Battista Cybo (or Cibo) was born in Genoa of Greek ancestry, the son of Arano Cybo or Cibo (c. 1375-c. 1455) and his wife Teodorina de Mari (c. 1380-), of an old Genoese family.
Giovanni Antonio Facchinetti, whose family came from Crodo, in the diocese of Novara, northern Italy, was born in Bologna on 20 July 1519.
Giovanni Battista Pamphili was born in Rome on 5 May 1574, the son of Camillo Pamphili, of the Roman Pamphili family.
President McAleese, who is herself the first President of Ireland to have been born in Northern Ireland, continued on from President Robinson in this regard.
Giovanni Maria Ciocchi del Monte was born in Monte San Savino.
Bernardo was born in the vicinity of Pisa.
Footballers who play for these teams and are also born in the city tend to become especially popular, as has been the case with players such as Francesco Totti and Daniele De Rossi (both for A.S. Roma), and Alessandro Nesta (for S.S. Lazio).
Nixon was born in Yorba Linda, California.
According to the "Liber Pontificalis", he was born in Greece and was a philosopher; however, this is uncertain, and is disputed by modern western historians arguing that the authors of "Liber Pontificalis" confused him with that of the contemporary author Xystus, who was a Greek student of Pythagoreanism.
Sixtus was born in Rome and before his accession he was prominent among the Roman clergy, and frequently corresponded with Augustine of Hippo.
He was born in Rome and succeeded Pope Callixtus I, who had been martyred.
Crivelli was born in Cuggiono as the son of Guala Crivelli and had four brothers: Pietro, Domenico, Pastore and Guala.
Guillaume de Grimoard was born in 1310 in the Castle of Grizac in the French region of Languedoc (today part of the commune of Le Pont-de-Montvert, department of Lozère), the second son of Guillaume de Grimoard, Lord of Bellegarde, and of Amphélise de Montferrand.
Giovanni Battista Castagna was born in Rome in 1521 to a noble family as the son of Cosimo Castagna and Costanza Ricci Giacobazzi.
He was of Genoese origin, although born in Rome.
Musil was born in Klagenfurt, Carinthia, the son of engineer Alfred "Edler von" Musil (1846, Timișoara – 1924) and his wife Hermine Bergauer (1853, Linz – 1924).
He was born in 1026 to a branch of the Lombard dukes of Benevento as the only son of Prince Landulf V of Benevento.
Cruz was born in the working-class town of Alcobendas, Madrid, Spain, to Encarna Sánchez, a hairdresser and personal manager, and Eduardo Cruz, a retailer and car mechanic.
They have a son born in 2011 in Los Angeles, and a daughter born in 2013.
Those remaining include a few born in the Old City when Christians there constituted a majority.
Marinus was born in Rome, and prior to becoming pope he was attached to the Church of Saint Cyriacus in the Baths of Diocletian.
A course in ethics led by Dr. Hartmut Kliemt at the University of Duisburg where the main text used was Singer's "Practical Ethics" was, according to Singer, "subjected to organised and repeated disruption by protesters objecting to the use of the book on the grounds that in one of its ten chapters it advocates active euthanasia for severely disabled newborn infants".
Petrarch was born in the Tuscan city of Arezzo in 1304.
Petrarch's younger brother was born in Incisa in Val d'Arno in 1307.
A son, Giovanni, was born in 1337, and a daughter, Francesca, was born in 1343.
A second grandchild, Francesco, was born in 1366, but died before his second birthday.
The 2011 Census recorded 1,179 residents born in Italy.
The city has experienced significant immigration from the A8 countries that joined the European Union in 2004, and in 2011, 14,134 residents of the city were people born in Central and Eastern Europe.
The socialist writer and illustrator, Frank Horrabin, who was born in the city, was elected its member of parliament in 1929.
The thalidomide victim Terry Wiles, subject of the 1979 film "On Giant's Shoulders", was born in the city.
In the sporting world, Tottenham Hotspur and England footballer, David Bentley, was born in the city.
Chelsea Football player, currently on loan at Vitesse Arnhem footballer Isaiah Brown, was born in Peterborough, before joining Leicester City and later West Bromwich Albion, becoming the second youngest player to play in the Premier League.
Nichiren was born in the village of Kominato (today part of the city of Kamogawa), Nagase District, Awa Province (within present-day Chiba Prefecture).
In some Christian traditions he is said to have been born in "Sychem" (Shechem), and to have been the third centurion sent out by Ahaziah against Elijah.
According to a 4th/5th-century biography translated by Kumārajīva, Nāgārjuna was born into a Brahmin family in Vidarbha (a region of Maharashtra) and later became a Buddhist.
In addition to his children with his wife, Sir William Wilde was the father of three children born out of wedlock before his marriage: Henry Wilson, born in 1838, and Emily and Mary Wilde, born in 1847 and 1849, respectively, of different maternity to Henry.
1 Merrion Square, where Wilde's sister, Isola, was born in 1857.
Schumacher was born in Hürth, North Rhine-Westphalia, to Rolf Schumacher, a bricklayer, and his wife Elisabeth.
Johann-Joseph Krug, founder of France's famous Krug champagne house in 1843, was born in Mainz in 1800.
Her next son, Alexander Alexandrovich, born in 1869, died from meningitis in infancy.
McGwire was born in Pomona, California.
Their first child, Naren, was born in January 2006.
Tremblay was born in Montreal, Quebec, where he grew up in the French-speaking neighbourhood of Plateau Mont-Royal, at the time of his birth a neighbourhood with a working-class character and joual dialect, something that would heavily influence his work.
He was born in Neisse and died in Breslau, Holy Roman Empire.
At the turn of the 20th century, the struggle for independence took shape, led by radical nationalist Bal Gangadhar Tilak and the moderates like Justice Mahadev Govind Ranade, Gopal Krishna Gokhale, Pherozeshah Mehta and Dadabhai Naoroji, Dr. B. R. Ambedkar, Jyotirao Phule - social reformers who were all born in this region.
Macrinus was born in Caesarea Mauretaniae (modern Cherchell, Algeria) in the Roman province of Mauretania to an equestrian family of Berber origins.
Waldseemüller was born in Wolfenweiler near Freiburg im Breisgau (his mother came from Radolfzell) and he studied at the University of Freiburg.
Merwan Sheriar Irani was born in 1894 in Pune, India to Irani Zoroastrian parents.
Meher Baba was an Irani born in Pune, India to a Zoroastrian family.
</doc>
<doc id="21269" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21269" title="Nasreddin">
Nasreddin

Nasreddin or Nasreddin Hodja () was a Seljuq satirical Sufi, born in Hortu Village in Sivrihisar, Eskişehir Province, present-day Turkey and died in 13th century in Akşehir, near Konya, a capital of the Seljuk Sultanate of Rum, in today's Turkey.
According to him, Nasreddin was born in the city of Khoy in West Azerbaijan Province of Iran, had his education in Khorasan and became the pupil of famous Quran mufassir Fakhr al-Din al-Razi in Herat.
For Uzbek people, Nasreddin is one of their own; he is said to have lived and been born in Bukhara.
In July 2012, the Anti-Defamation League called the continued refusal by the International Olympic Committee to hold a moment of silence at the opening ceremony for the eleven Israeli athletes killed by Palestinian terrorists at the 1972 Munich Olympics, "a continuing stubborn insensitivity and callousness to the memory of the murdered Israeli athletes."
Budd was eligible for British citizenship because her grandfather was born in Britain, but British citizens accused the government of expediting the citizenship process for her.
Oswald Spengler was born in 1880 in Blankenburg (the Duchy of Brunswick, the German Reich) as the second child of Bernhard (1844–1901) and Pauline (1840–1910) Spengler.
Letelier was born in Temuco, Chile, the youngest child of Orlando Letelier Ruiz and Inés del Solar.
In 2011, 88.8% of the population were born in Northern Ireland, with 4.5% born in Britain, and 2.9% born in the Republic of Ireland.
People born in Northern Ireland are, with some exceptions, deemed by UK law to be citizens of the United Kingdom.
The current wording provides that people born in Northern Ireland are entitled to be Irish citizens on the same basis as people from any other part of the island.
Neither government, however, extends its citizenship to all persons born in Northern Ireland.
Both governments exclude some people born in Northern Ireland, in particular persons born without one parent who is a British or Irish citizen.
The position in UK nationality law is that most of those born in Northern Ireland are UK nationals, whether or not they so choose.
The first opera ever written in the Americas was "La púrpura de la rosa", by Tomás de Torrejón y Velasco, although "Partenope", by the Mexican Manuel de Zumaya, was the first opera written from a composer born in Latin America (music now lost).
After dinner, he tells the farm laborers a fictitious tale of himself: he was born in Crete, had led a party of Cretans to fight alongside other Greeks in the Trojan War, and had then spent seven years at the court of the king of Egypt, finally shipwrecking in Thesprotia and crossing from there to Ithaca.
Otto Dix was born in Untermhaus, Germany, now a part of the city of Gera.
North was born in San Antonio, Texas, on October 7, 1943, the son of Ann Theresa (née Clancy) and Oliver Clay North, a U.S. Army major.
He was born in the city in 1805 and spent his childhood years there.
Remembered above all for his fairy tales, Hans Christian Andersen was born in Odense in 1805.
Milken was born into a middle-class Jewish family in Encino, California.
Its creator, Dr. Augustin Thompson, was born in Union, Maine, but Moxie was created and first produced in Lowell, Massachusetts.
Moore was born in Brooklyn, New York, to George Tyler Moore (1913–2006), a clerk, and his wife Marjorie Hackett (1916–1992).
Larry Larsen, on only for the 1956–57 season, was the oldest Mouseketeer, being born in 1939, and Bronson Scott, on only the 1955-56 season, was the youngest Mouseketeer, being born in July 1947.
The show's most notable alumna was Lisa Whelchel (born in 1963, in Littlefield, Texas), who later starred in the NBC television sitcom "The Facts of Life" before becoming a well-known Christian author and, most recently, overall runner-up, and winner of the $100,000 viewers' choice award, on the fall 2012 season of the CBS television reality series "Survivor".
Matthew was a 1st-century Galilean (presumably born in Galilee, which was not part of Judea or the Roman Iudaea province), the son of Alpheus.
Mary was born in the latter half of 1371 to Louis the Great, King of Hungary and Poland, and his second wife, Elizabeth of Bosnia.
They had been childless for over a decade before Mary's older sister, Catherine, was born in 1370.
Mandel Bruce Patinkin was born in Chicago, Illinois, on November 30, 1952, to Doris "Doralee" (née Sinton), a homemaker, and Lester Patinkin, who operated two large Chicago-area metal factories, the People's Iron & Metal Company and the Scrap Corporation of America.
Smith's father, Kenneth, was born in Tow Law, County Durham, and worked at a coal mine during the Second World War looking after the pit ponies.
Robinson was therefore born into a family that was a historical mix of rebels against and servants of the British Crown.
She was born in 1900 into a wealthy and politically prominent family.
She had two brothers, Russell Stephens Mitchell, who died in infancy in 1894, and Alexander Stephens Mitchell, born in 1896.
Mohammed Zahir's father, son of Sardar Mohammad Yusuf Khan, was born in Dehradun, British India, his family having been exiled after the Second Anglo-Afghan War.
Nesmith was born in Houston, Texas, in 1942.
Michael and Phyllis's second son Jonathan was born in February 1968.
Nesmith's third son Jason was born in August 1968 to Nurit Wilde, whom he met while working on "The Monkees".
Phyllis's third child and Nesmith's fourth, daughter Jessica, was born in September 1970.
The province of "Massa e Carrara" was born in 1859 from the separation of the Lunigiana and the Garfagnana from the Ducato of Modena.
Proust was born in the Paris Borough of Auteuil (the south-western sector of the then-rustic 16th arrondissement) at the home of his great-uncle on 10 July 1871, two months after the Treaty of Frankfurt formally ended the Franco-Prussian War.
</doc>
<doc id="21019" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21019" title="Michelangelo">
Michelangelo

Michelangelo di Lodovico Buonarroti Simoni or more commonly known by his first name Michelangelo (; ; 6 March 1475 – 18 February 1564) was an Italian sculptor, painter, architect and poet of the High Renaissance born in the Republic of Florence, who exerted an unparalleled influence on the development of Western art.
Marina Tsvetaeva was born in Moscow, the daughter of Ivan Vladimirovich Tsvetaev, a professor of Fine Art at the University of Moscow, who later founded the Alexander III Museum (known from 1937 as the Pushkin Museum of Fine Arts).
Tsvetaeva's only full sister, Anastasia, was born in 1894.
Richardson was born in Southport, to Marian Georgina (née Townsend), a housewife, and William Alan Richardson, a marketing executive, and was their second daughter.
Martin David Kahane was born in Brooklyn, New York, in 1932 to an Orthodox Jewish family.
Marsupials have a very short gestation period (about four to five weeks), and the joey is born in an essentially fetal state.
Anglo-American author Frances Hodgson Burnett was born in the city's Cheetham Hill district in 1849, and wrote much of her classic children's novel "The Secret Garden" while visiting nearby Salford's Buile Hill Park.
James Murray, born in India of English descent, was a businessman and manager of the Serampore paper mills who was thrice elected President of the Calcutta Chamber of Commerce.
Hurt was born in Teoc, Carroll County, Mississippi, and raised in Avalon, Mississippi.
On 8 June 194 people arrived, a baby having been born in transit.
(Norfolk King went on to become the first British Naval officer born in Australia, and was a Lieutenant, commanding the schooner "Ballahoo" when an American privateer captured her.)
2.5% of Territorians were born in the United Kingdom, 1.9% in New Zealand, 1.7% in Philippines, 0.9% in India and 0.5% in the United States.
Wirth was born in Winterthur, Switzerland, in 1934.
The Society was born in 1946 when groups of cartoonists got together to entertain the troops.
Former President Gerald Ford was born in Nebraska, but moved away shortly after birth.
A study by the Pew Research Center found that in 2013, New Jersey was the only U.S. state in which immigrants born in India constituted the largest foreign-born nationality, representing roughly 10% of all foreign-born residents in the state.
Of the people residing in New Mexico, 51.4% were born in New Mexico, 37.9% were born in a different US state, 1.1% were born in Puerto Rico, U.S. Island areas, or born abroad to American parent(s), and 9.7% were foreign born.
According to the stories that developed about him, Chauvin was born in Rochefort, around 1780.
Kinnock, an only child, was born in Tredegar, Wales.
First the brainchild of local sports entrepreneur Dave Dixon, who later built the Louisiana Superdome and founded the USFL, the Saints were actually secretly born in a backroom deal brought about by U.S.
The Corneille brothers, Pierre and Thomas, born in Rouen, were great figures of French classical literature.
In the 17th century some major French painters were Normans like Nicolas Poussin, born in Les Andelys and Jean Jouvenet.
The landscape painter Eugène Boudin, born in Honfleur, was a determining influence on the impressionnists and was highly considered by Monet.
Jean Dubuffet, one of the leading French artist of the 1940s and the 1950s was born in Le Havre.
Smith was born in Mobile, Alabama, but his family moved to Watts, Los Angeles, when he was six years old.
Smith was born in Mobile, Alabama, the second of Clovi and Marvella Smith's six children (five boys and one girl).
He is said to have been born in Nagoya Castle, although this is subject to debate.
A male born in the upper Oromo society went through five stages of eight years, where his life established his role and status for consideration to a "Gadaa" office.
Origen was born in either 185 or 186 AD in Alexandria.
Kinski was born in Berlin as Nastassja Aglaia Nakszynski.
Stott Despoja was born in Adelaide, the daughter of Shirley Stott Despoja, an Australian-born journalist with English heritage, and Mario Despoja, an immigrant from Croatia (then part of Yugoslavia).
It met for discussions at the Minerva Cafe at 144 High Holborn in London, the headquarters of the Women's Freedom League.
Dominican trader Juan Rodriguez (rendered in Dutch as Jan Rodrigues), born in Santo Domingo of Portuguese and African descent, arrived on Manhattan Island during the winter of 1613–1614, trapping for pelts and trading with the local population as a representative of the Dutch.
Their son, Max Brooks, was born in 1972, and their grandson, Henry Michael Brooks, was born in 2005.
Ağca was born in the Hekimhan district, Malatya Province in Turkey.
In contrast to miRNA-deficient infant formula, breastfeeding via physiological miRNA transfer provides the appropriate signals for adequate epigenetic programming of the newborn infant."
The first cavalry charge using machetes as the primary weapon was carried out on 4 November 1868 by Máximo Gómez, a sergeant born in the Dominican Republic, who later became the general in chief of the Cuban Army.
Maroboduus was born into a noble family of the Marcomanni.
Lucilla and Verus (III) had two children: a son, Marcus, born on 26 April 121 AD, and a daughter, Annia Cornificia Faustina, probably born in 122 or 123 AD.
Another son, Tiberius Aelius Antoninus, was born in 152.
The earliest motel chains, proprietary brands for multiple properties built with common architecture, were born in the 1930s.
Cage was born in Long Beach, California, to August Coppola, a professor of literature, and Joy Vogelsang, a dancer and choreographer.
Muhammad was born in Mecca in 570, and thus Islam has been inextricably linked with it ever since.
He was born in a minor faction, the Hashemites, of the ruling Quraysh tribe.
Marvin Lee Aday was born in Dallas, Texas, the only child of Wilma Artie ("née" Hukel), a school teacher and a member of the Vo-di-o-do Girls gospel quartet, and Orvis Wesley Aday, a police officer.
Moore was born in Whakatane, Bay of Plenty, New Zealand in 1949.
Since then, over 60 births have occurred between the zoo and the San Diego Zoo Safari Park, with the most recent being Mosi, a male calf born in early August 2017 at the San Diego Zoo.
Virginia Dare, the first English child to be born in North America, was born on Roanoke Island on August 18, 1587; Dare County is named for her.
Of the people residing in North Carolina, 58.5% were born in North Carolina, 33.1% were born in another US state, 1.0% were born in Puerto Rico, U.S. Island areas, or born abroad to American parent(s), and 7.4% were born in another country.
Of the residents of North Dakota, 69.8% were born in North Dakota, 27.2% were born in a different state, 0.6% were born in Puerto Rico, U.S. Island areas, or born abroad to American parent(s), and 2.4% were born in another country.
Other Greek Fathers would come to emphasize the cosmic dimension of the Fall, namely that since Adam human beings are born into a fallen world, but held fast to belief that man, though fallen, is free.
Oscar Greeley Clendenning Hammerstein II was born in New York City, the son of Alice Hammerstein (née Nimmo) and theatrical manager William Hammerstein.
Otto Jespersen was born in Randers in Jutland.
Webster was born in the Western Division of Hartford (which became West Hartford, Connecticut) to an established family.
Nawaf was born in Mecca in Saudi Arabia to Muhammad Salim al-Hazmi, a grocer.
Wolf was born in San Francisco, to a Jewish family.
Two days earlier, however, a different "Times" reviewer praised the book, writing, "Anyone—particularly anyone who, like Ms. Wolf, was born in the 1960s—will have a very hard time putting down "Promiscuities".
Wolf has examined how modern Western women, born in inclusive, egalitarian liberal democracies, are assuming positions of leadership in neofascist political movements:
Wolf has spoken about the dress required of women living in Muslim countries:
In response, feminist author Phyllis Chesler wrote: "Most Muslim girls and women are not given a choice about wearing the chador, burqa, abaya, niqab, jilbab, or hijab (headscarf) and those who resist are beaten, threatened with death, arrested, caned or lashed, jailed, or honor murdered by their own families.
Mahfouz was born into a lower middle-class Muslim Egyptian family in Old Cairo in 1911.
Peart was born in a Hamilton hospital to Glen and Betty Peart and lived his early years on his family's farm in Hagersville, on the outskirts of Hamilton.
Machiavelli was born in Florence, Italy, the third child and first son of attorney Bernardo di Niccolò Machiavelli and his wife, Bartolomea di Stefano Nelli.
Machiavelli was born in a tumultuous era in which popes waged acquisitive wars against Italian city-states, and people and cities often fell from power as France, Spain, and the Holy Roman Empire battled for regional influence and control.
Parra, the son of a schoolteacher, was born in 1914 in San Fabián de Alico, near Chillán, in Chile.
Luhmann was born in Lüneburg, Prussia, where his father's family had been running a brewery for several generations.
Natacha Atlas was born in Schaerbeek, Brussels, Belgium, to an English Ashkenazi Jewish mother and an Egyptian Sephardic Jewish father who was born in Cairo and then moved to Israel.
To confuse matters, Atlas has also said: "My Grandfather was born in Egypt, and my father was born in Belgium, as he (her grandfather) moved to Europe when he was about 20.
My mother is English, and my father was born in Belgium."
Matilda was born in Enger near Herford, in the Westphalian part of the German stem duchy of Saxony.
The famous Jalal al-Din Rumi was born in this area but like many historical figures his exact location of birth cannot be confirmed.
She was born in Warsaw, in what was then the Kingdom of Poland, part of the Russian Empire.
Marie Curie died in 1934, aged 66, at a sanatorium in Sancellemoz (Haute-Savoie), France, of aplastic anemia from exposure to radiation in the course of her scientific research and in the course of her radiological work at field hospitals during World War I.

Maria Skłodowska was born in Warsaw, in the Russian partition of Poland, on 7 November 1867, the fifth and youngest child of well-known teachers Bronisława, "née" Boguska, and Władysław Skłodowski.
Bentine was born in Watford, Hertfordshire, to a Peruvian father, Adam Bentin, and a British mother, Florence Dawkins, and grew up in Folkestone, Kent.
In 1980, the state Social Security Institute estimated that from 1977 to 1980 the number of babies born in poverty doubled, while there had been a 300% increase in the number of families with four to five children below the poverty line.
Michael Steven Hartman was born in Flatbush, Brooklyn.
De Icaza was born in Mexico City and studied Mathematics at the Universidad Nacional Autonoma de México (UNAM), but never received a degree.
Chess is another popular sport and some famous global chess players, like Slavko Dedić, are born in Montenegro.
Nash was born in Rye, New York, the son of Mattie (Chenault) and Edmund Strudwick Nash.
Nikolay Gerasimovich Kuznetsov was born into a peasant family of Serbian descent in the village of Medvedki near Veliky Ustyug, Vologda Governorate, Russian Empire (now in Kotlassky District of Arkhangelsk Oblast, Russia).
He was born in Saudi Arabia and studied at university in the country until 1979, when he joined Mujahideen forces in Pakistan fighting against the Soviet Union in Afghanistan.
Osama bin Mohammed bin Awad bin Laden was born in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, a son of Yemeni Mohammed bin Awad bin Laden, a billionaire construction magnate with close ties to the Saudi royal family, and Mohammed bin Laden's tenth wife, Syrian Hamida al-Attas (then called Alia Ghanem).
Several world-famous writers have either lived or been born in Oslo.
Rikard Nordraak, composer of the Norwegian national anthem, was born in Oslo in 1842.
The Nepali people residing in Hong Kong are primarily made up of children of ex-Gurkhas; born in Hong Kong during their parents' service with the British Army's Brigade of Gurkhas, which was based in Hong Kong from the 1970s until the handover.
Three out of four were born in New Caledonia.
According to the 2009 census, of the 71,721 Europeans in New Caledonia 32,354 were native-born, 33,551 were born in other parts of France, and 5,816 were born abroad.
The Europeans are divided into several groups: the Caldoches are usually defined as those born in New Caledonia who have ancestral ties that span back to the early French settlers.
Distinct from the Caldoches are those were born in New Caledonia from families that had settled more recently, and are called simply Caledonians.
Harald V of the House of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg was crowned King of Norway in 1991, the first since the 14th century who has been born in the country.
In 2012, an official study showed that 86% of the total population have at least one parent who was born in Norway.
More than 710,000 individuals (14%) are immigrants and their descendants; there are 117,000 children of immigrants, born in Norway.
In 2012, the immigrant community (which includes immigrants and children born in Norway of immigrant parents) grew by 55,300, a record high.
Atiyah was born in Hampstead, London, England, to a Lebanese father, the academic, Eastern Orthodox, Edward Atiyah and Scot Jean Atiyah (née Levens).
Kaplan was born in Švenčionys, Lithuania, to Rabbi Israel and Haya (Anna) Kaplan.
Schechter was born in Breslau, Prussia (now Wrocław, Poland).
Anne was born in Ireland.
Its most distinguishing feature is the rejection of infant baptism, an act that had both religious and political meaning since almost every infant born in western Europe was baptized into the Roman Catholic Church.
</doc>
<doc id="20452" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20452" title="Meconium aspiration syndrome">
Meconium aspiration syndrome

Meconium aspiration syndrome (MAS) also known as neonatal aspiration of meconium is a medical condition affecting newborn infants.
Jordan was born in Brooklyn, New York, to Deloris (née Peoples), who worked in banking, and James R. Jordan Sr., an equipment supervisor.
Gell-Mann was born in lower Manhattan into a family of Jewish immigrants from the Austro-Hungarian Empire, specifically from Chernivtsi in present-day Ukraine.
He was reputedly an Aboriginal stockman born in the area where Archer was trained, but was actually John 'Cutts' Dillon, the son of a Sydney clerk, a jockey who rode for many trainers in his long career, and who was one of the best known, best liked and most respected jockeys in New South Wales.
Atta was born in 1968 in a small town in Egypt's Nile Delta.
Factors establishing citizenship included:

After the American Civil War, the Civil Rights Act of 1866 states, "that all persons born in the United States, and not subject to any foreign power, excluding Indians not taxed, are hereby declared to be citizens of the United States".
On June 2, 1924, U.S. President Calvin Coolidge signed the Indian Citizenship Act, which made all Native Americans born in the United States and its territories American citizens.
Everyone born in Niue must register on the electoral roll.
New Zealand is part of a realm and most people born in the realm's external territories of Tokelau, the Ross Dependency, the Cook Islands and Niue are entitled to New Zealand passports.
Most people born in New Zealand or one of the realm's external territories (Tokelau, the Ross Dependency, the Cook Islands and Niue) before 2006 are New Zealand citizens.
The life expectancy of a New Zealand child born in 2014-16 was 83.4 years for females, and 79.9 years for males.
In the late 2000s, Asia overtook the British Isles as the largest source of overseas migrants; today around 32 percent of overseas-born New Zealand residents were born in Asia (mainly China, India, the Philippines and South Korea) compared to 26 percent born in the UK and Ireland.
He was born in Söğüt, as the son of Osman Gazi and Malhun Hatun.
After living for a period in the nearby town of Portchester, Hampshire, where Neil was born in 1960, the Gaimans moved in 1965 to the West Sussex town of East Grinstead where his parents studied Dianetics at the Scientology centre in the town; one of Gaiman's sisters works for the Church of Scientology in Los Angeles.
Naomi Klein was born in Montreal, Quebec, and brought up in a Jewish family with a history of peace activism.
Klein's husband, Avi Lewis, was born into a well-connected political and journalistic family; he works as a TV journalist and documentary filmmaker.
Seven Presidents were born in Ohio, making it second to Virginia's eight.
The seven presidents born in Ohio were Ulysses S. Grant, Rutherford B. Hayes, James A. Garfield, Benjamin Harrison (grandson of William Henry Harrison), William McKinley, William Howard Taft and Warren G. Harding.
Cromwell was born into the middle gentry, albeit to a family descended from the sister of King Henry VIII's minister Thomas Cromwell.
Cromwell was born in Huntingdon on 25 April 1599 to Robert Cromwell and Elizabeth Steward.
Bismarck was born in Schönhausen, a wealthy family estate situated west of Berlin in the Prussian province of Saxony.
Being born in Hawaii, she was given the Hawaiian name "Hōkūlani".
The couple's first daughter was born in 2008, in Nashville.
Niccolò Paganini was born in Genoa, then capital of the Republic of Genoa, the third of the six children of Antonio and Teresa (née Bocciardo) Paganini.
Researcher Carl Haub calculated that a total of over 100 billion people have probably been born in the last 2000 years.
Oxford was born in 1550, and was between 40 and 53 years old when he presumably would have written the sonnets.
Shakespeare was born in 1564.
In much New Age literature on reincarnation, it is claimed that part of the human soul, that which carries the personality, perishes with the death of the body, while the Higher Self – that which connects with divinity – survives in order to be reborn into another body.
Takeuchi was born in Kofu, Yamanashi, Japan, to parents Kenji and Ikuko Takeuchi.
From this marriage, the couple have two children: a son, born in January 2001, and another child, born in 2009.
The division exploded between Spaniards who were born in Spain (called "peninsulares") versus those of Spanish descent born in New Spain (called "criollos" in Spanish or "creoles" in English).
Heaviside was born in Camden Town, London, at 55 Kings Street (now Plender Street).
Of these, 1.4 million (8.5%) were born outside the EU and 0.428 million (2.6%) were born in another EU Member State.
Lowry was born in Low Moor, Bradford, West Yorkshire, England, in a Cornish family.
Hale was born in 1971 and raised in East Peoria, Illinois, a city on the Illinois River.
Gorbachev was born in Stavropol Krai in 1931 into a peasant Ukrainian–Russian family, and in his teens, operated combine harvesters on collective farms.
Bohr was born in Copenhagen, Denmark, on 7 October 1885, the second of three children of Christian Bohr, a professor of physiology at the University of Copenhagen, and Ellen Adler Bohr, who came from a wealthy Danish Jewish family prominent in banking and parliamentary circles.
She was born in Pennsylvania, but lived much of her adult life in France, where she first befriended Edgar Degas and later exhibited among the Impressionists.
Cassatt was born in Allegheny City, Pennsylvania, which is now part of Pittsburgh.
She was born into an upper-middle-class family: Her father, Robert Simpson Cassat (later Cassatt), was a successful stockbroker and land speculator.
The couple have two sons: Gorō, born in January 1967, and Keisuke, born in April 1969.
Lady Diana Spencer was born in 1961, and married the heir to the British throne, Charles, Prince of Wales, in 1981, becoming the Princess of Wales.
Founding father Adolph Zukor (born in 1873) was still chairman emeritus; he referred to chairman Barney Balaban (born 1888) as "the boy."
He was born in 1804 in Salem, Massachusetts to Nathaniel Hathorne and the former Elizabeth Clarke Manning.
Daughter Rose was born in May 1851, and Hawthorne called her his "autumnal flower".
Some scholars, such as Kenneth Doo Young Lee, interpret the "Lotus Sutra" to imply that "women were capable of gaining salvation", either after they first turned into a man, or being reborn in Pure Land realm after following the Path.
Peter Harvey lists many "Sutras" that suggest "having faded out the mind-set of a woman and developed the mind-set of a man, he was born in his present male form", and who then proceeds to follow the Path and became an Arahant.
For example, a goddess reborn in the heavenly realm asserts:
Such examples, states Wei-Yi Cheng, include conflating statements about spiritual practice (Eightfold Path, Dhamma) and "obedience to my husband" and "by day and by night I acted to please", thus implying unquestioned obedience of male authority and female subjugation.
Based on ancient sources, most modern scholars believe that he was born in Athens or Aegina between 429 and 423 BC.
The grammarian Apollodorus of Athens argues in his "Chronicles" that Plato was born in the first year of the eighty-eighth Olympiad (427 BC), on the seventh day of the month Thargelion; according to this tradition the god Apollo was born this day.
If we accept Neanthes' version, Plato was younger than Isocrates by six years, and therefore he was born in the second year of the 87th Olympiad, the year Pericles died (429 BC).
According to the "Suda," Plato was born in Aegina in the 88th Olympiad amid the preliminaries of the Peloponnesian war, and he lived 82 years.
Sir Thomas Browne also believes that Plato was born in the 88th Olympiad.
For her part, Debra Nails asserts that the philosopher was born in 424/423 BC.
Niels Henrik Abel was born in Nedstrand, Norway, as the second child of the pastor Søren Georg Abel and Anne Marie Simonsen.
Much suggests that Niels Henrik was born in the neighboring parish, as his parents were guests of the bailiff in Nedstrand in July / August of his year of birth.
He was born in Torgau, on the Elbe.
United States nationality law defines some persons born in U.S. outlying possessions as U.S. nationals but not citizens.
In 1857, the Methodist Episcopal Church started its work in India, and with prominent evangelists like William Taylor the Emmanuel Methodist Church, Vepery, was born in 1874.
Shang-Chi was born in the Hu'nan province of the People's Republic of China, and is the son of Fu Manchu, the Chinese mastermind who has repeatedly attempted world conquest and had a thirst for blood.
Morris Gould was born in Brighton, Sussex, England, but grew up in Lincolnshire and was educated at Millfield in Somerset, and King's College London.
People in these rural counties tend to be native Nevada residents, unlike in the Las Vegas and Reno areas, where the vast majority of the population was born in another state.
Najibullah was born in February 1947 in the city of Kabul, in the Kingdom of Afghanistan.
Islamic principles were embedded in the 1987 constitution, for instance, Article 2 of the constitution stated that Islam was the state religion, and Article 73 stated that the head of state had to be born into a Muslim Afghan family.
The Virginia Charter of 1606, which was largely drafted by Sir Edward Coke, stated that the colonists would have the same "liberties, franchises and immunities" as people born in England.
The word "alpinism" was born in the 19th century to refer to climbing for the purpose of enjoying climbing itself as a sport or recreation, distinct from merely climbing while hunting or as a religious pilgrimage that had been done generally at that time.
As he was born in what is now Szombathely, Hungary, spent much of his childhood in Pavia, Italy, and lived most of his adult life in France, he is considered a spiritual bridge across Europe.
Martin was born in 316 or 336 AD in Savaria in the Diocese of Pannonia (now Szombathely, Hungary).
She was born in New York City.
She was the only child of Kenneth Seymour Robbins (1894–1972), a farmer turned car salesman who had been born into a once-prosperous family, and his actress wife, Edith Prescott Luckett (1896–1987).
Julia Catherine Beckwith born in Fredericton, was Canada's first published novelist.
Academy Award nominee Ellen Page ("Juno", "Inception") was born in Halifax, Nova Scotia; five-time Academy Award nominee Arthur Kennedy ("Lawrence of Arabia", "High Sierra") called Nova Scotia his home; and two time Golden Globe winner Donald Sutherland ("MASH", "Ordinary People") spent most of his youth in the province.
He was born in the (then) British city of Dublin, Ireland, from a partially Basque noble family of the French province of Soule.
His father, Michel Abbadie, was born in Arrast-Larrebieu and his mother was Irish.
Abbas II (full name: Abbas Hilmy), the great-great-grandson of Muhammad Ali, was born in Alexandria, Egypt on 14 July 1874.
Aedesius was born into a wealthy Cappadocian family, but he moved to Syria, where he was apprenticed to Iamblichos.
Josephus – a contemporary historian and proponent of the Judean cause who was born in Jerusalem and fought the Romans in that war – reports that "Jerusalem ... was so thoroughly razed to the ground by those that demolished it to its foundations, that nothing was left that could ever persuade visitors that it had once been a place of habitation.".
St. Clair was born in Thurso, Caithness, Scotland.
Early biographers estimated his year of birth as 1734, but subsequent historians uncovered a birth date of March 23, 1736, which in the modern calendar system means that he was born in 1737.
The most famous of these is Napoleon Bonaparte who was born in Ajaccio in 1769, and whose ancestral home, the Maison Bonaparte, is now a museum.
There is a dispute concerning Napoleon's age because of this requirement; the emperor is known to have altered the civic records at Ajaccio concerning himself and it is possible that he was born in Corte in 1768 when his father was there on business.
Charles was born in Florence, Tuscany.
The story is set in the fictional archipelago of Earthsea and centers around a young mage named Ged, born in a village on the island of Gont.
He was born in Port Said, Egypt.
Anaïs Nin was born in Neuilly, France, to Joaquín Nin, a Cuban pianist and composer of Catalan Spanish descent, and Rosa Culmell, a classically-trained Cuban singer of French and Danish descent.
The first human born in the Antarctic was Solveig Gunbjørg Jacobsen born on 8 October 1913 in Grytviken, South Georgia.
Any woman who is single, a widow, or a married woman living apart from her husband, may make an application for a summons, and it is immaterial where the child is begotten, provided it is born in England.
Abd ar-Rahman II was born in Toledo, the son of Emir Al-Hakam I.
Abd ar-Rahman was born in Córdoba, the grandson of Abdullah ibn Muhammad al-Umawi, seventh independent Umayyad emir of al-Andalus.
Apollos was a devout Jew born in Alexandria.
He was born in Constantinople, a younger son of Sultan Ahmed III (reigned 1703–1730) and his consort Şermi Kadın.
His youngest son, Mahomed Omar Jan, was born in 1889 of an Afghan mother, connected by descent with the Barakzai family.
The surgeon Sir Clement Price Thomas (1893–1973) was born in Abercarn.
Anthony was born in Coma in Lower Egypt in  251 to wealthy landowner parents.
Albert was born in Grimma as the third and youngest son (but fifth child in order of birth) of Frederick II the Gentle, Elector of Saxony, and Margarete of Austria, sister of Frederick III, Holy Roman Emperor.
Guthrie was born in Brooklyn, New York, the son of the folk singer and composer Woody Guthrie and Marjorie Mazia Guthrie.
Western Christianity also deemed that children were born into the original sin, and, as such, were perceived as inherently immoral.
Amalric was born in the latter part of the 12th century at Bennes, a village between Ollé and Chauffours in the diocese of Chartres.
According to Fernão Lopes' "Crónica de Portugal de 1419," the future Portuguese king was born in Guimarães, which was at the time the most important political center of his parents.
Almeida Fernandes later proposed Viseu as the birthplace of Afonso basing himself on the "Chronica Gothorum", which states Afonso was born in 1109, a position followed by José Mattoso in his biography of the king.
They had the following issue:


Before his marriage to Mafalda, King Afonso fathered his first male son with Chamoa Gómez, daughter of Count Gómez Núñez and Elvira Pérez, sister of Fernando and Bermudo Pérez de Traba:


The extramarital offspring by Elvira Gálter were:

King Afonso was also the father of:




</doc>
<doc id="1658" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1658" title="Afonso II of Portugal">
Afonso II of Portugal

Afonso II (; English: "Alphonzo"), or "Affonso" (Archaic Portuguese), "Alfonso" or "Alphonso" (Portuguese-Galician) or "Alphonsus" (Latin version), nicknamed "the Fat" (Portuguese "o Gordo"), King of Portugal, was born in Coimbra on 23 April 1185 and died on 25 March 1223 in the same city.
Afonso was born in Coimbra.
Afonso, born in Lisbon, was the rightful heir to the Portuguese throne.
Afonso was born in Sintra, the eldest son of King Edward of Portugal by his wife Eleanor of Aragon.
He was born in Oviedo in 759 or 760.
Alfonso was born in Madrid as the eldest son of Queen Isabella II.
Alfonso was born in Madrid on 17 May 1886.
Alfonso was born in Naples, the second son of James II and Blanche of Anjou.
In the late 6th century, Saint Ioannis Eleimonas (John the Charitable), protector of the Knights of St. John, was born in Amathus and after 614 sent Theodorus, bishop of Amathus, to Jerusalem to ransom some slaves.
The Equal Opportunity to Govern Amendment in 2003 was widely accredited as the "Amend for Arnold" bill, which would have removed language from the U.S. Constitution prohibiting his run, having been born in Austria.
All of their children were born in Los Angeles.
Smith was born in Kirkcaldy, in the County of Fife, Scotland.
Kolbe was born in Elliehausen, near Göttingen, Kingdom of Hanover (Germany) as the eldest son of a Protestant pastor.
He was born in Pella in 356 BC and succeeded his father Philip II to the throne at the age of twenty.
Korzybski was born in Warsaw, Poland which at that time was part of the Russian Empire.
Atypically for the director, the heroic central character is a woman, Yukie (Setsuko Hara), who born into upper-middle-class privilege, comes to question her values in a time of political crisis.
He was born in Anguilla.
Mackenzie was born in Logierait, Perthshire, Scotland.
The house he was born in was built by his father and is still standing in 2017.
He and Helen moved to Sarnia, Ontario (known as Canada West) in 1847 and Mary was born in 1848.
Broadly, Chandragupta was born in a humble family, abandoned, raised as a son by another family, then with the training and counsel of Chanakya of "Arthashastra" fame ultimately built one of the largest empires in ancient India.
Camus was born in French Algeria to a "Pied-Noir" family and studied at the University of Algiers, from which he graduated in 1936.
But for the moment we are only talking of the kind of solidarity that is born in chains.
Christie was born into a wealthy upper-middle-class family in Torquay, Devon.
Her mother Clara was born in Belfast in 1854 to Captain Frederick Boehmer and Mary Ann West as the couple's only daughter.
Their first child, Margaret Frary Miller (1879–1950), was born in Torquay, where the couple were renting lodgings, while their second, Louis "Monty" Montant (1880–1929), was born in the U.S. state of New York, where Frederick was on a business trip.
Archie was born in India, the son of a judge in the Indian Civil Service.
An alternative tradition holds that Poirot was born in the village of Ellezelles (province of Hainaut, Belgium).
Alan Alexander Milne was born in Kilburn, London to parents John Vine Milne, who was born in Jamaica, and Sarah Marie Milne (née Heginbotham) and grew up at Henley House School, 6/7 Mortimer Road (now Crescent), Kilburn, a small public school run by his father.
Milne married Dorothy "Daphne" de Sélincourt in 1913 and their son Christopher Robin Milne was born in 1920.
His son was born in August 1920 and in 1924 Milne produced a collection of children's poems "When We Were Very Young", which were illustrated by "Punch" staff cartoonist E. H. Shepard.
Andronikos was born in Constantinople on 25 March 1297, the 38th birthday of his paternal grandfather, Byzantine Emperor Andronikos II Palaiologos.
Ammianus was born in the Greek-speaking East, possibly in Syria or Phoenicia.
Leonardo Fibonacci (Leonardo of Pisa), a mathematician born in the Republic of Pisa who had studied in Béjaïa (Bougie), Algeria, promoted the Indian numeral system in Europe with his 1202 book "Liber Abaci":

When my father, who had been appointed by his country as public notary in the customs at Bugia acting for the Pisan merchants going there, was in charge, he summoned me to him while I was still a child, and having an eye to usefulness and future convenience, desired me to stay there and receive instruction in the school of accounting.
Apuleius was born in Madauros, a "colonia" in Numidia on the North African coast bordering Gaetulia, and he described himself as "half-Numidian half-Gaetulian."
Alexander Selkirk was the son of a shoemaker and tanner in Lower Largo, Fife, Scotland, born in 1676.
Capone was born in Brooklyn, New York City, to Italian immigrants.
Al Capone was born in the Brooklyn borough of New York City on January 17, 1899.
His father was a barber and his mother was a seamstress, both born in Angri, a town in the Province of Salerno.
Nami, much like Abdulaziz al-Omari, Wail al-Shehri, Waleed al-Shehri and Mohand al-Shehri, was born in the 'Asir Province in Saudi Arabia.
Some Western scholars consider his command of Greek, in which he wrote most (if not all) of his surviving works, evidence that he may have been a Greek born in Alexandria.
Abu Bakr was born in Mecca some time in 573 CE, to a rich family in the Banu Taym clan of the Quraysh tribe.
He was born in Aberdeen, possibly in 1582, according to a print which suggests he was aged 35 in 1617.
Andocides was the son of Leogoras, and was born in Athens around 440 BC.
Their first child, Mary, was born in 1203 or 1204.
Andrew's eldest son, Béla, was born in 1206.
Béla's younger sister, Elisabeth, was born in 1207.
Andrew's second son, Coloman, was born in 1208.
Mitchell, Charles Prior's boss, was responsible for the choice of town names, was born in Aberdeen, Scotland, after which the town of Aberdeen, South Dakota, was named.
However, the most local historical figure is the Reverend Robert Kirk, born in 1644.
Anders Celsius was born in Uppsala, Sweden on 27 November 1701.
Adam Carolla was born in Los Angeles County, California.
Akira Toriyama was born in Nagoya, Aichi, Japan.
They have two children: a son named born on March 23, 1987, and a daughter born in October 1990.
Tanenbaum was born in New York City and grew up in suburban White Plains, New York.
His paternal grandfather was born in Khorostkiv in the Austro-Hungarian empire.
His father Jacob was born in Frankfurt, Germany.
André Roussimoff was born in Moliens, the son of Boris and Mariann Roussimoff.
Anaximander, son of Praxiades, was born in the third year of the 42nd Olympiad (610 BC).
Crowley developed a platonic friendship with Deidre Patricia O'Doherty; she offered to bear his child, who was born in May 1937.
In some views, this continued existence often takes place in a spiritual realm, and in other popular views, the individual may be reborn into this world and begin the life cycle over again, likely with no memory of what they have done in the past.
The most important moment that determines where a person is reborn into is the last thought moment.
According to Theravada Buddhism, there are 31 realms of existence that one can be reborn into.
It is believed that each Buddha has their own pure land, created out of their merits for the sake of sentient beings who recall them mindfully to be able to be reborn in their pure land and train to become a Buddha there.
The life dies in which life condition it reborn in the same life condition."
Ancestor cults are found throughout Sub-Saharan Africa, including cultures like the Yombe, Beng, Yoruba and Ewe, "[T]he belief that the dead come back into life and are reborn into their families is given concrete expression in the personal names that are given to children...What is reincarnated are some of the dominant characteristics of the ancestor and not his soul.
Speer was born in Mannheim, into an upper-middle-class family.
Ginsberg was born into a Jewish family in Newark, New Jersey, and grew up in nearby Paterson.
Schweitzer was born in the province of Kaysersberg, which changed hands between France and Germany near and during his lifetime.
Schweitzer was born in Kaysersberg, Alsace-Lorraine, the son of Louis Schweitzer and Adèle Schillinger.
He was born in Aschaffenburg, Bavaria and educated in medicine at the universities of Munich, Berlin, and Strasbourg, where he received his doctorate in 1908.
Turing was born in Maida Vale, London, while his father, Julius Mathison Turing (1873–1947), was on leave from his position with the Indian Civil Service (ICS) at Chhatrapur, Bihar and Orissa Province, in British India.
A pregnancy that ends before 37 weeks of gestation resulting in a live-born infant is known as a "premature birth" or a "preterm birth".
Nazel was born in Compton, California to the son of Joseph "Skippy" Nazel Jr., a prominent African American author and radio talk show host.
Absalom, David's third son, by Maacah, was born in Hebron.
In this interpretation, Apollo's title of "Lykegenes" can simply be read as "born in Lycia", which effectively severs the god's supposed link with wolves (possibly a folk etymology).
Andre Agassi was born in Las Vegas, Nevada to Emmanuel "Mike" Agassi, a former Olympic boxer from Iran and Elizabeth "Betty" Agassi (née Dudley).
Huxley was born in Godalming, Surrey, England, in 1894.
Carnegie was born in Dunfermline, Scotland, and emigrated to the United States with his parents in 1848.
Purportedly born in Weston on the outskirts of Bath, Ælfheah became a monk early in life.
Berg was born in Vienna, the third of four children of Johanna and Konrad Berg.
The success of the ensemble was emulated by other regional conductors, and a rich tradition of a cappella choral music was born in the region at colleges like Concordia College (Moorhead, Minnesota), Augustana College (Rock Island, Illinois), Wartburg College (Waverly, Iowa), Luther College (Decorah, Iowa), Gustavus Adolphus College (St. Peter, Minnesota), Augustana College (Sioux Falls, South Dakota), and Augsburg University (Minneapolis, Minnesota).
Arcadius was born in Hispania, the elder son of Theodosius I and Aelia Flaccilla, and brother of Honorius, who would become a Western Roman Emperor.
Aage Niels Bohr was born in Copenhagen on 19 June 1922, the fourth of six sons of the physicist Niels Bohr and his wife Margrethe Bohr (née Nørlund).
(This story has been discounted on the basis that Clara Maria van den Enden was born in 1643 and would have been no more than about 18 years old when Spinoza left Amsterdam.
Scarlatti was born in Palermo (or in Trapani), then part of the Kingdom of Sicily.
Pike was born in Boston, Massachusetts, the son of Ben and Sarah (Andrews) Pike, and spent his childhood in Byfield and Newburyport, Massachusetts.
Dostum was born in 1954 in Khwaja Du Koh near Sheberghan in Jowzjan Province, Afghanistan.
She was born in Brooklyn, New York, and raised in Detroit, Michigan.
In preparation for the United States 2010 Census, a marketing and outreach plan, called "2010 Census Integrated Communications Campaign Plan" (ICC) recognized and defined African Americans as black people born in the United States.
Malek Bennabi and Frantz Fanon are noted for their thoughts on decolonization; Augustine of Hippo was born in Tagaste (modern-day Souk Ahras); and Ibn Khaldun, though born in Tunis, wrote the Muqaddima while staying in Algeria.
The Latin author Apuleius was born in Madaurus (Mdaourouch), in what later became Algeria.
Finally, the staïfi music is born in Sétif and remains a unique style of its kind.
A native New Englander, Amos Bronson Alcott was born in Wolcott, Connecticut (only recently renamed from "Farmingbury") on November 29, 1799.
In 1725, Newton was born in Wapping, a district in London near the Thames.
It was believed that, based on the "Anno Mundi" calendar, Jesus was born in the year 5500 (or 5500 years after the world was created) with the year 6000 of the "Anno Mundi" calendar marking the end of the world.
Alcuin was born in Northumbria, presumably sometime in the 730s.
"Albertosaurus" was named by Henry Fairfield Osborn in a one-page note at the end of his 1905 description of "Tyrannosaurus rex".
Ambrose was born into a Roman Christian family about 340 and was raised in Gallia Belgica, the capital of which was Augusta Treverorum.
A famous German rapper, designer and singer, that goes under the name of Cro, was born in Aalen and lived his early years here.
Aloysius Alzheimer was born in Marktbreit, Bavaria on 14 June 1864.
</doc>
<doc id="2391" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2391" title="Akio Morita">
Akio Morita

Akio Morita was born in Nagoya, Aichi, Japan.
Spears was born in McComb, Mississippi, the second child of Lynne Irene Bridges and James Parnell Spears.
Her maternal grandmother, Lillian Portell, was English (born in London), and one of Spears's maternal great-great-grandfathers was Maltese.
Britney was born in the Bible Belt, where socially conservative evangelical Protestantism is a particularly strong religious influence.
The Brazilian press was officially born in Rio de Janeiro on 13 May 1808, with the creation of the Royal Printing, National Press by the Prince Regent Dom João.
Adherents believe that women born in "hinoeuma" years are unmarriageable and bring bad luck to their father or husband.
In 1966, the number of babies born in Japan dropped by over 25% as parents tried to avoid the stigma of having a daughter born in the hinoeuma year.
DiFranco was born in Buffalo, New York, the daughter of Elizabeth (Ross) and Dante Americo DiFranco (died 2004), who had met while attending MIT.
The evidence of the early texts suggests that Siddhārtha Gautama was born into the Shakya clan, a community that was on the periphery, both geographically and culturally, of the eastern Indian subcontinent in the 5th century BCE.
According to the Buddhist tradition, Gautama was born in Lumbini, now in modern-day Nepal, and raised in the Shakya capital of Kapilvastu, which may have been either in what is present day Tilaurakot, Nepal or Piprahwa, India.
Immigrants from Southern Europe, namely Sicily, Campania, Lazio, and Calabria, appeared between 1880 and 1960 in New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, and Eastern Maryland hoping to escape the extreme poverty and corruption endemic to Italy; typically none of them spoke English, but rather dialects of Italian and had a culture that was more closely tied to the village they were born in than the high culture only accessible to those who could afford it at this time; many could not read or write in any language.
Pastrami first entered the country via Romanian Jews, and is a feature of many sandwiches, often eaten on marble rye, a bread that was born in the mid-Atlantic.
Ahmad Shah Massoud was born in 1953 in Bazarak, Panjshir, to a well-to-do family native to the Panjshir valley.
They have one son, Ahmad Massoud (born in 1989) and five daughters (Fatima born in 1992, Mariam born in 1993, Ayesha born in 1995, Zohra born in 1996 and Nasrine born in 1998).
The birth of Adam Weishaupt" even though this reference is actually incorrect as Weishaupt was born in 1748.
Pedro Paulet, scientist born in the city of Arequipa, Peru in the year of 1874, was one of the first to experiment with propulsion rockets being considered the «Father of Modern Rocket» and by others as the «Father of Aeronautics Modern ».
The Lumière brothers were born in Besançon, France, to Charles-Antoine Lumière (1840–1911) and Jeanne Joséphine Costille Lumière, who were married in 1861 and moved to Besançon, setting up a small photographic portrait studio where Auguste and Louis were born.
Giacometti was born in Borgonovo, Switzerland, in the canton Graubünden's southerly alpine valley Val Bregaglia near the Italian border, as the eldest of four children of Annetta Stampa and Giovanni Giacometti, a well-known post-Impressionist painter and Annetta Giacometti-Stampa.
Altdorfer was born in Regensburg or Altdorf around 1480.
Alciati was born in Alzate Brianza, near Milan, and settled in France in the early 16th century.
European immigrants joined the Union Army in large numbers, including 177,000 born in Germany and 144,000 born in Ireland.
He was the fourth child of Ondrej Warhola (Americanized as Andrew Warhola, Sr., 1889–1942) and Julia ("née" Zavacká, 1892–1972), whose first child was born in their homeland and died before their move to the U.S.

His parents were working-class Lemko emigrants from Mikó (now called Miková), located in today's northeastern Slovakia, part of the former Austro-Hungarian Empire.
Andy Warhol had two older brothers—Pavol (Paul), the oldest, was born before the family emigrated; Ján was born in Pittsburgh.
There is also an exact replica of the house where Atatürk was born in 1881, in Thessaloniki, Greece.
Avicenna was born in Afshana, a village near Bukhara (in present-day Uzbekistan), the capital of the Samanids, a Persian dynasty in Central Asia and Greater Khorasan.
Doubleday, the son of Ulysses F. Doubleday and Hester Donnelly, was born in Ballston Spa, New York, in a small house on the corner of Washington and Fenwick streets.
Augustin-Jean Fresnel (also called Augustin Jean or simply Augustin), born in Broglie, Normandy, on 10 May 1788, was the second of four sons of the architect Jacques Fresnel (1755–1805) and his wife Augustine, "née" Mérimée (1755–1833).
The earliest form of Australian English was spoken by the children of the colonists born into the colony of New South Wales.
Adrian Lamo was born in Malden, Massachusetts near Boston.
Druyan was born in Queens, New York, the daughter of Pearl A.
He was born in Tehran to an aristocratic family.
`Abdu'l-Bahá was born in Tehran, Iran on 23 May 1844 (5th of Jamadiyu'l-Avval, 1260 AH), the eldest son of Bahá'u'lláh and Navváb.
In this passage, a soldier asks the Buddha if it is true that, as he has been told, soldiers slain in battle are reborn in a heavenly realm.
Sakharov was born in Moscow on May 21, 1921.
Of the population in the canton, 146,421 or about 26.7% were born in Aargau and lived there in 2000.
There were 140,768 or 25.7% who were born in the same canton, while 136,865 or 25.0% were born somewhere else in Switzerland, and 107,396 or 19.6% were born outside of Switzerland.
He was born in Antwerp, where he started his career, but he spent most of it in Middelburg (1587–1613), where he moved with his family because of the threat of religious persecution.
Calves were born in spring.
Abu al-Faraj al-Iṣfahānī was born in Isfahan, but spent his youth and made his early studies in Baghdad.
The youngest daughter of Aung San, Father of the Nation of modern-day Myanmar, and Khin Kyi, Aung San Suu Kyi was born in Rangoon, British Burma.
According to Peter Popham, she was born in a small village outside Rangoon called Hmway Saung.
The following year she gave birth to their first son, Alexander Aris, in London; their second son, Kim, was born in 1977.
Abraham Joshua Heschel was born in 1907 as the youngest of six children of Moshe Mordechai and Reizel Perlow.
Bachchan was born in Allahabad, Uttar Pradesh, in north central India.
Of this population 7.6% were born in other parts of the UK.
Alfred was born in the village of Wanating, now Wantage, historically in Berkshire but now in Oxfordshire.
Algardi was born in Bologna, where at a young age, he was apprenticed in the studio of Agostino Carracci.
Gide was born in Paris on 22 November 1869, into a middle-class Protestant family.
Garner was born in the front room of his grandmother's house in Congleton, Cheshire, on 17 October 1934.
Hitchcock was born in the flat above his parents' leased grocer's shop at 517 High Road, Leytonstone, on the outskirts of east London (then part of Essex), the youngest of three children: William (born 1890), Ellen Kathleen ("Nellie") (1892), and Alfred Joseph (1899).
Fashion photographers Inez van Lamsweerde and Vinoodh Matadin were born in Amsterdam(Netherland).
Alexander Bell was born in Edinburgh, Scotland, on March 3, 1847.
He was born in Moscow, the son of Tsar Peter I and his first wife, Eudoxia Lopukhina.
Jackson's father was born in Carrickfergus, County Antrim, in current-day Northern Ireland, around 1738.
That statue controversially identifies him as one of the "presidents North Carolina gave the nation," and he is featured alongside James Polk and Andrew Johnson, both U.S. presidents born in North Carolina.
Johnson was born in poverty in Raleigh, North Carolina and never attended school.
Andrew Johnson was born in Raleigh, North Carolina, on December 29, 1808, to Jacob Johnson (1778–1812) and Mary ("Polly") McDonough (1783–1856), a laundress.
The amendment extended citizenship to every person born in the United States (except Indians on reservations), penalized states that did not give the vote to freedmen, and most importantly, created new federal civil rights that could be protected by federal courts.
Solzhenitsyn was born in Kislovodsk, RSFSR (now in Stavropol Krai, Russia).
Possibly born in 1640, an "Andres Schliter" is recorded as apprentice on 9 May 1656 by the mason's guild.
Jarry was born in Laval, Mayenne, France, and his mother was from Brittany.
Amalric was born in 1136 to King Fulk, the former count of Anjou who had married the heiress of the kingdom, Melisende, daughter of King Baldwin II.
Maria Comnena had borne Amalric two daughters: Isabella, who would eventually marry four husbands in turn and succeed as queen, was born in 1172; and a stillborn child some time later.
Absalon was born into the powerful "Hvide" clan, and owned great land possessions.
He was born in the castle of Mont Pèlerin in Tripoli while his father was on the First Crusade.
He was born in Hebron during his father's reign in Judah.
Amnon was born in Hebron to Ahinoam and King David.
Khalid was thus born in 706 and Abdallah accepted the implications of paternity without disturbing Barmak's conventional responsibilities or affecting Khalid's upbringing.
Brooks was born in Beverly Hills, California, the son of Thelma Leeds (née Goodman), a singer and actress, and Harry Einstein, a radio comedian who performed on Eddie Cantor's radio program and was known as Parkyakarkus.
Agostino Carracci was born in Bologna, and trained at the workshop of the architect Domenico Tibaldi.
Alexander Kerensky was born in Simbirsk (now Ulyanovsk) on the Volga River on 4 May 1881 and was the eldest son in the family.
Volta was born in Como, a town in present-day northern Italy, on 18 February 1745.
Bill Clinton, the 42nd President of the United States, was born in Hope.
The great singer Camarón de la Isla was born in San Fernando, Cádiz, and Andrés Segovia who helped shape the romantic-modernist approach to classical guitar, was born in Linares, Jaén.
The virtuoso Flamenco guitar player Paco de Lucia who helped internationalize Flamenco, was born in Algeciras, Cadiz.
Aelbert Cuyp was born in Dordrecht on October 20, 1620, and also died there on November 15, 1691.
Ayer was born in St John's Wood, in north west London, to a wealthy family from continental Europe.
André Weil was born in Paris to agnostic Alsatian Jewish parents who fled the annexation of Alsace-Lorraine by the German Empire after the Franco-Prussian War in 1870–71.
Selberg was born in Langesund, Norway, the son of teacher Anna Kristina Selberg and mathematician Ole Michael Ludvigsen Selberg.
Aeschylus was born in c. 525 BC in Eleusis, a small town about 27 kilometers northwest of Athens, which is nestled in the fertile valleys of western Attica, though the date is most likely based on counting back forty years from his first victory in the Great Dionysia.
Wiles was born in 1953 in Cambridge, England, the son of Maurice Frank Wiles (1923–2005), the Regius Professor of Divinity at the University of Oxford, and Patricia Wiles (née Mowll).
Anne's father, Patrick Brontë (1777–1861), was born in a two-room cottage in Emdale, Loughbrickland, County Down, Ireland.
Augustine was born in the year 354 AD in the municipium of Thagaste (now Souk Ahras, Algeria) in the Roman province of Numidia.
Horch was born in Winningen, Rhenish Prussia.
Abel Jans Tasman was born in 1603 in Lutjegast, a small village in the province of Groningen, in the north of the Netherlands.
Hugo Alvar Henrik Aalto was born in Kuortane, Finland.
Singer Angélique Kidjo and actor Djimon Hounsou were born in Cotonou, Benin.
Those identifying with British ancestry dropped by 1% to 11% (although those born in Britain remain the largest non-native group at 3,942 persons).
The number of people born in Canada declined by 13%.
The number of people born in the West Indies actually increased by 538.
The number of persons born in Asian countries doubled between the 2000 and the 2010 censuses), blacks have remained in the majority, with new white immigration from Portugal, Britain and elsewhere countered by black immigration from the West Indies.
Although the number of residents born in Africa is very small, it has tripled between 2000 and 2010 (this group also includes non-blacks).
31.7% of the population were foreign born and another 8.9% were born in Puerto Rico, U.S. Island areas, or born abroad to American parents.
Of these, 685,000 (6.4%) were born outside the EU and 695,000 (6.5%) were born in another EU Member State.
The composer César Franck was born in Liège in 1822.
Howlin' Wolf, Muddy Waters, Willie Dixon and Jimmy Reed were all born in Mississippi and moved to Chicago during the Great Migration.
Influenced poetically by the tango and generate Beatnik, and musically by the blues, rock, jazz and African music of River Plate, the trio composed of Alejandro Medina, Javier Martinez and Claudio Gabis created a music that fused the roots of a genre born in the Mississippi Delta with elements of idiosyncrasy and local geography Porteña.
His father was born in Radomyśl Wielki, Galicia (then part of Austria-Hungary, now Poland), and his mother was a native of New York whose parents also arrived from that town.
Diabelli was born in Mattsee near Salzburg, then in the Archbishopric of Salzburg.
Hill was born in Lone Tree, Oklahoma, the youngest of 13 children of Albert and Erma Hill, who were farmers.
Her family came from Arkansas, where her great-grandparents and her maternal grandfather, Henry Eliot, were born into slavery.
He was born in Santiago, Chile.
Albert Einstein was born in Ulm, in the Kingdom of Württemberg in the German Empire, on 14 March 1879.
The discovery and publication in 1987 of an early correspondence between Einstein and Marić revealed that they had had a daughter, called "Lieserl" in their letters, born in early 1902 in Novi Sad where Marić was staying with her parents.
In May 1904, their first son, Hans Albert Einstein, was born in Bern, Switzerland.
Their second son, Eduard, was born in Zürich in July 1910.
He was born in Lille, some time before 1128.
Alfred Wallace was born in the Welsh village of Llanbadoc, near Usk, Monmouthshire.
Since Wallace was born in Monmouthshire, some sources have considered him to be Welsh.
One Wallace scholar has stated that the most reasonable interpretation is therefore that he was an Englishman born in Wales.
The Imam Hasan Ali Shah was born in 1804 in Kahak, Iran to Shah Khalil Allah, the 45th Ismaili Imam, and Bibi Sarkara, the daughter of Muhammad Sadiq Mahallati (d. 1815), a poet and a Ni‘mat Allahi Sufi.
He was born in Karachi, the capital of Sindh province in British India, (now Pakistan) to Aga Khan II and his third wife, Nawab A'lia Shamsul-Muluk, who was a granddaughter of Fath Ali Shah of Persia/Iran (Qajar dynasty).
Agassiz was born in Neuchâtel, Switzerland and immigrated to the United States with his father, Louis, in 1849.
Bury remarks that "there is something melancholy about his career:" born into a Sparta that was the unquestioned continental power of Hellas, the Sparta which mourned him eighty four years later had suffered a series of military defeats which would have been unthinkable to his forbears, had seen its population severely decline, and had run so short of money that its soldiers were increasingly sent on campaigns fought more for money than for defense or glory.
She was born in c. 14 BC the daughter of Marcus Vipsanius Agrippa, a close supporter of Rome's first emperor Augustus, and Augustus' daughter Julia the Elder.
Agrippina was born in 14 BC to Marcus Vipsanius Agrippa and Julia the Elder, before their return to Rome in 13 BC.
Durrani was born in or about 1722 to Mohammad Zaman Khan, chief of the Abdali tribe and Governor of Herat, and Zarghuna Alakozai.
Most believe that he was born in Herat, Afghanistan.
According to Strabo, he was born in Naryx in Locris, where Ovid calls him "Narycius Heroes".
Andrei Tarkovsky was born in the village of Zavrazhye in the Yuryevetsky District of the Ivanovo Industrial Oblast (modern-day Kadyysky District of the Kostroma Oblast, Russia) to the poet and translator Arseny Alexandrovich Tarkovsky, a native of Yelisavetgrad, Kherson Governorate, and Maria Ivanova Vishnyakova, a graduate of the Maxim Gorky Literature Institute who later worked as a corrector; she was born in Moscow in the Dubasov family estate.
Their son, Andrei Andreyevich Tarkovsky, was born in the same year on 7 August.
For someone born in 2000, a US study estimated an average lifetime cost of $ (net present value in dollars, inflation-adjusted from 2003 estimate), with about 10% medical care, 30% extra education and other care, and 60% lost economic productivity.
Barbadians who return after years of residence in the United States and children born in America to Bajan parents are called "Bajan Yankees", a term considered derogatory by some.
In music, eight-time Grammy Award winner Rihanna (born in Saint Michael) is one of Barbados's best-known artists and one of the best selling music artists of all time, selling over 200 million records worldwide.
Marc Chagall was born in Liozna (near Vitebsk) in 1887.
Andrei Arlovski, who was born in Babruysk, Byelorussian SSR, is a current UFC fighter and the former UFC heavyweight champion of the world.
He was born in Legnago, south of Verona, in the Republic of Venice, and spent his adult life and career as a subject of the Habsburg Monarchy.
Salieri, along with Mozart's protégé J. N. Hummel, educated Mozart's younger son Franz Xaver Mozart, who was born in the year his father died.
Koerner was born in Paris, to an Austrian Jewish father and a Greek mother.
Composer Ludwig van Beethoven was born in Bonn in 1770.
In addition he was a patron of the young Ludwig van Beethoven, who was born in Bonn in 1770; the elector financed the composer's first journey to Vienna.
Records also suggest that some slaveholders were freeing their own mixed-race children, born into slavery to slave mothers.
Ayckbourn was born in Hampstead, London.
Parents with stateless status are required to apply for a special pass for a child born in the country; failure to register a child may make it difficult to enroll the child in school.
Only 37% of the entire population were born in the territory.
Grothendieck was born in Berlin to anarchist parents.
Grothendieck was born in Weimar Germany.
Maillol was born in Banyuls-sur-Mer, Roussillon.
In 1757, Antonio Canova was born in Possagno to Pietro Canova, a stonecutter.
Rodin was born in 1840 into a working-class family in Paris, the second child of Marie Cheffer and Jean-Baptiste Rodin, who was a police department clerk.
In 1864, Rodin began to live with a young seamstress named Rose Beuret (born in June 1844), with whom he would stay – with ranging commitment – for the rest of his life.
Alongside these liberal and left-wing efforts, a small group of conservative institutions were born in Ann Arbor.
Robert Todd Lincoln was born in 1843 and Edward Baker Lincoln (Eddie) in 1846.
</doc>
<doc id="308" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=308" title="Aristotle">
Aristotle

Aristotle (; "Aristotélēs", ; 384–322 BC) was an ancient Greek philosopher and scientist born in the city of Stagira, Chalkidiki, in the north of Classical Greece.
Aristotle, whose name means "the best purpose" in Ancient Greek, was born in 384 BC in Stagira, Chalcidice, about 55 km (34 miles) east of modern-day Thessaloniki.
Albert was probably born in Lauingen (now in Bavaria), since he called himself 'Albert of Lauingen', but this might simply be a family name.
Alboin was probably born in the 530s in Pannonia, the son of Audoin and his wife, Rodelinda.
Afonso de Albuquerque was born in 1453 in Alhandra, near Lisbon.
Alfonso de Albuquerque, surnamed the Great, by reason of the heroic deeds wherewith he filled Europe with admiration, and Asia with fear and trembling, was born in the year 1453, in the Estate called, for the loveliness of its situation, the Paradise of the Town of Alhandra, six leagues distant from Lisbon.
Before departing, he legitimized a natural son born in 1500, and made his will.
Brás Afonso de Albuquerque, or Braz in the old spelling, was born in 1500 and died in 1580.
He was born into the aristocratic governing class of Mytilene, the main city of Lesbos, where he was involved in political disputes and feuds.
He was born into the aristocratic, warrior class that dominated Mytilene, the strongest city-state on the island of Lesbos and, by the end of the seventh century BC, the most influential of all the North Aegean Greek cities, with a strong navy and colonies securing its trade-routes in the Hellespont.
Ealdred was probably born in the west of England, and could be related to Lyfing, his predecessor as bishop of Worcester.
Together they had one son, the future Alexander III, born in 1241.
This situation changed drastically, however, when Alexios' first son John II Komnenos was born in 1087: Anna's engagement to Constantine was dissolved, and she was moved to the main Palace to live with her mother and grandmother.
The first manned mission to orbit the Moon, "Apollo 8", included American William Anders who was born in Hong Kong, making him the first Asian-born astronaut in 1968.
The first person born in Africa to fly in space was Patrick Baudry (France), in 1985.
By nationality, thirteen were American (including one born in India), four were Russian (Soviet Union), and one was Israeli.
Alfonso Cuarón Orozco was born in Mexico City on November 28, 1961, the son of Alfredo Cuarón, a nuclear physicist who worked for the United Nations' International Atomic Energy Agency for many years.
As a consequence of Roman customs, society, and personal preference Augustus (; ) was known by many names throughout his life:


While his paternal family was from the town of Velletri, approximately from Rome, Augustus was born in the city of Rome on 23 September 63 BC.
Johnston was born in Washington, Kentucky, the youngest son of Dr. John and Abigail (Harris) Johnston.
Although Albert Johnston was born in Kentucky, he lived much of his life in Texas, which he considered his home.
Johnston's eldest son, Albert Sidney Jr. (born in Texas), had already followed him into the Confederate States Army.
Albert was born in Ansbach and, losing his father Casimir in 1527, he came under the guardianship of his uncle George, Margrave of Brandenburg-Ansbach, a strong adherent of Protestantism.
Albert was born in Ansbach in Franconia as the third son of Frederick I, Margrave of Brandenburg-Ansbach.
Peter Weissmuller worked as a miner, and his younger son, Peter Weissmüller Jr., was born in Windber on September 3, 1905.
In the 1910 census, Peter and Elizabeth Weisenmüller, as well as John and Eva Ott, were living at 1521 Cleveland Ave in the 22nd Ward of Chicago, with sons John, age six, born in Timisoara and Peter Jr., age five, erroneously entered as born in Illinois.
Hogan was born in London, England.
If the cause is successful, he would be the first priest born in the United States to be canonized as a saint.
Vonnegut's mother was born into Indianapolis high society, as her family, the Liebers, were among the wealthiest in the city, their fortune derived from ownership of a successful brewery.
It tells of the life of Billy Pilgrim, who like Vonnegut was born in 1922 and survives the bombing of Dresden.
Their son, Callum Lyon MacLachlan, was born in Los Angeles on July 26, 2008.
John Milton Hay was born in Salem, Indiana, on October 8, 1838.
Charles Hay, born in Lexington, Kentucky, hated slavery and moved to the North in the early 1830s.
In fact, Perdicaris, though born in New Jersey, had renounced his citizenship during the Civil War to avoid Confederate confiscation of property in South Carolina, and had accepted Greek naturalization, a fact not generally known until years later, but that decreased Roosevelt's appetite for military action.
Jasmuheen was born in 1957 in New South Wales, Australia of post-war Norwegian migrant parents.
Keanu Charles Reeves was born in Beirut on September 2, 1964, the son of Patricia ("née" Taylor), a costume designer and performer, and Samuel Nowlin Reeves, Jr. His mother is English and hails from Essex.
Reeves' biological father was born in the United States but Reeves required a green card because he was not eligible to claim automatic citizenship by birth abroad to one United States citizen.
Ferdinand Lewis Alcindor Jr. was born in New York City, the only child of Cora Lillian, a department store price checker, and Ferdinand Lewis Alcindor Sr., a transit police officer and jazz musician.
The Revolutionary League was controlled by Nguyen Hai Than, who was born in China and could not speak Vietnamese.
John Bardeen was born in Madison, Wisconsin, on May 23, 1908.
Gutenberg was born in the German city of Mainz, the youngest son of the upper-class merchant Friele Gensfleisch zur Laden, and his second wife, Else Wyrich, who was the daughter of a shopkeeper.
Jacques Mayol was a French national born in Shanghai, China.Mayol spent his summer vacations in Karatsu (Japan) every year as a child.
Terboven (from the Dutch "ter Boven") was born in Essen, Germany, as the son of minor landed gentry of Dutch descent.
Schumpeter was born in Triesch, Habsburg Moravia (now Třešť in the Czech Republic, then part of Austria-Hungary) in 1883 to Catholic German-speaking parents.
Most sources give 1917, though at times Hooker stated he was born in 1920.
Information in the 1920 and 1930 censuses indicates that he was born in 1912.
It is believed that he was born in Tutwiler, Mississippi, in Tallahatchie County, although some sources say his birthplace was near Clarksdale, in Coahoma County.
Cocteau was born in Maisons-Laffitte, Yvelines, a town near Paris, to Georges Cocteau and his wife, Eugénie Lecomte; a socially prominent Parisian family.
Donne was born in London, into a recusant Roman Catholic family when practice of that religion was illegal in England.
Lennon was on tour when his first son, Julian, was born in April.
Cleese was born in Weston-super-Mare, Somerset, the only child of Reginald Francis Cleese (1893–1972), an insurance salesman, and his wife Muriel Evelyn ("née" Cross; 1899–2000).
Their daughter Camilla, Cleese's second child, was born in 1984.
Lynch was born in Waltham, Massachusetts, the fifth of William and Margaret Lynch's six children.
Another account was made by Filippo Sassetti, a merchant born in Florence in 1540, who travelled to the Indian subcontinent.
At the 2007 estimates from the U.S. Census Bureau, there were 1,768,518 foreign-born inhabitants of the state or 13.8% of the population, with 48.4% from Latin America, 24.6% from Asia, 22.8% from Europe, 2.9% from Africa, 1.2% from Northern America, and 0.2% from Oceania.
Lincoln was born in Kentucky, but moved to Illinois at the age of 21.
Ulysses S. Grant was born in Ohio and had a military career that precluded settling down, but on the eve of the Civil War and approaching middle age, he moved to Illinois and thus utilized the state as his home and political base when running for president.
Barack Obama was born in Hawaii and made Illinois his home after completing law school, and later represented Illinois in the United States Senate.
He then became president, running as a candidate from his Illinois base..

Ronald Reagan was born in Illinois, in the city of Tampico, raised in Dixon, Illinois, and educated at Eureka College, outside Peoria.
Although Murdock's parents were both from Southern Indiana, he was born in Konstanz, West Germany, on 28 April 1973, where his father was pursuing postdoctoral
research.
Banks was born in Dunfermline, Fife, to a mother who was a professional ice skater and a father who was an officer in the Admiralty.
In urging them to consider "Army and Navy and Georgetown and Fordham and Syracuse and Brown and Pitt" as candidates for membership, he exhorted:

Aspects of Ivy stereotyping were illustrated during the 1988 presidential election, when George H. W. Bush (Yale '48) derided Michael Dukakis (graduate of Harvard Law School) for having "foreign-policy views born in Harvard Yard's boutique."
Klein was born in the small village of Várpalánka, today part of Mukachevo, in what was then Hungary.
Irving Langmuir was born in Brooklyn, New York, on January 31, 1881.
Jane Austen was born in Steventon, Hampshire, on 16 December 1775.
Spring lambs born in late winter or early spring are usually sold before 1 July.
Conway was born in Liverpool, the son of Cyril Horton Conway and Agnes Boyce.
In refutation of this, Najder quotes from Conrad's 14 August 1883 letter to family friend Stefan Buszczyński, written nine years after Conrad had left Poland:

Conrad was a Russian subject, having been born in the Russian part of what had once been the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth.
Updike was born in Reading, Pennsylvania, the only child of Linda Grace (née Hoyer) and Wesley Russell Updike, and was raised in the nearby small town of Shillington.
She accompanied him to Oxford, England, where he attended art school and where their first child, Elizabeth, was born in 1955.
Reynolds was born in Plympton, Devon, on 16 July 1723 the third son of the Rev.
Having shown an early interest in art, Reynolds was apprenticed in 1740 to the fashionable London portrait painter Thomas Hudson, who had been born in Devon.
An earlier writer born in Kingston was John Cleland.
In the early 1900s through the post-independence era, industrial visionaries such as Sir Mokshagundam Visvesvarayya, born in Muddenahalli, Chikballapur district, played an important role in the development of Karnataka's strong manufacturing and industrial base.
Verne was born in the seaport of Nantes, where he was trained to follow in his father's footsteps as a lawyer, but quit the profession early in life to write for magazines and the stage.
6 Rue Jean-Jacques-Rousseau, where the family's youngest child, Marie, was born in 1842.
Rau was born in the Barmen part of Wuppertal, Rhine Province, as the third of five children.
Jorge Francisco Isidoro Luis Borges Acevedo was born into an educated middle-class family on 24 August 1899.
Borges Haslam was born in Entre Rios of Spanish, Portuguese, and English descent, the son of Francisco Borges Lafinur, a colonel, and Frances Ann Haslam, an Englishwoman.
Karl Popper was born in Vienna (then in Austria-Hungary) in 1902, to upper middle-class parents.
William Caxton, the inventor of the printing press, was born in Kent; his invention was key in helping many Kent dialect words and spellings to become standard in English.
The artist Clive Head was also born in Kent.
Spacey was born in South Orange, New Jersey, to Kathleen Ann ("née" Knutson), a secretary, and Thomas Geoffrey Fowler, a technical writer and data consultant.
Mihdhar was born in Saudi Arabia and fought in the Bosnian War during the 1990s.
Kofi Annan was born in the Kofandros section of Kumasi in the Gold Coast (now Ghana) on 8 April 1938.
Annan and his sister were born into one of the country's Ashanti and Fante aristocratic families; both of their grandfathers and their uncle were tribal chiefs.
Both Confederate President Jefferson Davis and U.S. President Abraham Lincoln were born in Kentucky.
Merle Travis, Country & Western artist known for both his signature "Travis picking" guitar playing style, as well as his hit song "Sixteen Tons", was also born in Muhlenberg County.
Bill Monroe, "The Father of Bluegrass", was born in the small Ohio County town of Rosine, while Ricky Skaggs, Keith Whitley, David "Stringbean" Akeman, Louis Marshall "Grandpa" Jones, Sonny and Bobby Osborne, and Sam Bush (who has been compared to Monroe) all hail from Kentucky.
</doc>
<doc id="16849" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=16849" title="Kon Ichikawa">
Kon Ichikawa

Ichikawa was born in Ise, Mie Prefecture as Giichi Ichikawa (市川儀一).
He was born in Amsterdam and was raised as a communist.
Joachim von Ribbentrop was born in Wesel, Rhenish Prussia, to Richard Ulrich Friedrich Joachim Ribbentrop, a career army officer, and his wife Johanne Sophie Hertwig.
Khan was born in or about 1946 in the Shindand District of Herat Province in Afghanistan.
Martin Luther, who initiated the Protestant Reformation, said: "Mother Mary, like us, was born in sin of sinful parents, but the Holy Spirit covered her, sanctified and purified her so that this child was born of flesh and blood, but not with sinful flesh and blood.
The per-country limit applies the same maximum on the number of visas to all countries regardless of their population and has therefore had the effect of significantly restricting immigration of persons born in populous nations such as Mexico, China, India, and the Philippines—the leading countries of origin for legally admitted immigrants to the United States in 2013; nevertheless, China, India, and Mexico were the leading countries of origin for immigrants overall to the United States in 2013, regardless of legal status, according to a U.S. Census Bureau study.
Specifically, "nearly 15% of Americans were foreign-born in 1910, while in 1999, only about 10% were foreign-born."
Eight percent of all babies born in the U.S. in 2008 belonged to illegal immigrant parents, according to a recent analysis of U.S. Census Bureau data by the Pew Hispanic Center.
According to Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), TB cases among foreign-born individuals remain disproportionately high, at nearly nine times the rate of U.S.-born persons.
Researchers have also found what is known as the "healthy immigrant effect", in which immigrants in general tend to be healthier than individuals born in the U.S.
45% of Ph.D. physicists working in the United States are foreign born in 2004.
In the 2004 Intel Science Talent Search, more children (18) have parents who entered the country on H-1B (professional) visas than parents born in the United States (16).
The Inca called newborn infants "wawa", a term that they also used for newborn animals.
Ian Botham was born in Heswall, which at the time was part of Cheshire county, to Herbert Leslie ("Les") Botham and Violet Marie, Collett.
The son of Solomon and Clara Stern, Isaac Stern was born in Kremenets, Ukraine (then part of the Russian Empire) into a Volhynian-Jewish family.
His mother, Anna Regina Reuter (1697–1737), was also born in Königsberg to a father from Nuremberg.
Kant was born into a Prussian German family of Lutheran Protestant faith in East Prussia.
This increase is significantly fuelled by non-Irish immigration – in 2009, a quarter of all children born in the Republic were born to mothers who had immigrated from other countries.
Hutton was born in Edinburgh on 3 June 1726, OS one of five children of Sarah Balfour and William Hutton, a merchant who was Edinburgh City Treasurer.
His father, Daniel Levitch (1902–1980), born in New York, was a master of ceremonies and vaudeville entertainer who used the professional name Danny Lewis.
His mother, Rachel "Rae" Levitch (née Brodsky; 1903–1983), (born in Mazowieckie, Poland, of a Russian father and Polish mother) went by the stage name Rae Lewis, was a piano player for the radio station WOR and was her husband's musical director.
Banks also reports that John Alden, said to have been born in 1599, residing in Southampton in 1620, may have been the son of George Alden the fletcher (arrow maker), who disappeared – probably dying in that year – leaving John, an orphan, free to take overseas employment.
Engler, a Roman Catholic, was born in Mount Pleasant, Michigan, on October 12, 1948, to Mathias John Engler and his wife, Agnes Marie (née Neyer), but grew up on a cattle farm near Beal City.
Lacan was born in Paris, the eldest of Émilie and Alfred Lacan's three children.
Their second child, a son named Thibaut, was born in August 1939.
His third child, Sibylle, was born in 1940.
Tetzel was born in Pirna, Saxony, and studied theology and philosophy at Leipzig University.
Jadwiga was born in Buda, the capital of the Kingdom of Hungary.
Eccles was born in Melbourne, Australia.
Scarlett was born in Jamaica, where his father, Robert Scarlett, had property.
Kern was born in New York City, on Sutton Place, in what was then the city's brewery district.
James Maury Henson was born in Greenville, Mississippi, on September 24, 1936, the younger of two children of Paul Ransom Henson (1904–1994), an agronomist for the United States Department of Agriculture, and his wife Betty Marcella (, 1904–1992).
In 1979, he was asked by the producers of the "Star Wars" sequel "The Empire Strikes Back" to aid make-up artist Stuart Freeborn in the creation and articulation of enigmatic Jedi Master Yoda.
John Maynard Smith was born in London, the son of the surgeon Sidney Maynard Smith, but following his father's death in 1928, the family moved to Exmoor, where he became interested in natural history.
Danforth was born in St. Louis, Missouri.
James Orsen Bakker was born in Muskegon, Michigan, the son of Raleigh Bakker and Furnia Lynette "Furn" Irwin.
William Jan Berry (April 3, 1941 – March 26, 2004), was born in Los Angeles, California to Clara Lorentze Mustad (born September 2, 1919, Bergen, Norway – died July 9, 2009) and aeronautical engineer William L. Berry (born December 7, 1909, New York City – died December 19, 2004, Camarillo, California), He was raised in Bel Air, Los Angeles.
Dean Ormsby Torrence (born March 10, 1940) was born in Los Angeles, California, the son of Natalie Ormsby (April 10, 1911 – August 10, 2008) and Maurice Dean Torrence (December 5, 1907 – November 16, 1997).
He was born in Izhevskoye (now in Spassky District, Ryazan Oblast), in the Russian Empire, to a middle-class family.
Mullis was born in Lenoir, North Carolina, near the Blue Ridge Mountains, on December 28, 1944.
Waldheim was born in Sankt Andrä-Wördern, near Vienna, on 21 December 1918.
</doc>
<doc id="17121" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=17121" title="Kurt Schwitters">
Kurt Schwitters

Kurt Hermann Eduard Karl Julius Schwitters (20 June 1887 – 8 January 1948) was a German artist who was born in Hanover, Germany.
A son of Harry Caswell Noland (1896–1975), a pathologist, and his wife, Bessie (1897–1980), Kenneth Clifton Noland was born in Asheville, North Carolina.
In a 1981 lecture to the East German security service, Stasi, Philby attributed the failure of the British Secret Service to unmask him as due in great part to the British class system—it was inconceivable that one "born into the ruling class of the British Empire" would be a traitor—to the amateurish and incompetent nature of the organisation, and to so many in MI6 having so much to lose if he was proven to be a spy.
Their fifth child, Harry George, was born in 1950.
Frankenheimer was born in Queens, New York, the son of Helen Mary (née Sheedy) and Walter Martin Frankenheimer, a stockbroker.
Endersch was born in Dörnfeld an der Heide, Schwarzburg-Rudolstadt, Thuringia, but lived most of his life in Elbing (Elbląg), Royal Prussia in the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth.
He was born in Long Beach, California; studied English at California State University, Fullerton, receiving an M.A.
Pournelle was born in Shreveport, the seat of Caddo Parish in northwestern Louisiana, and educated in Capleville, Tennessee.
They had two sons, who were both professional football quarterbacks: Jeff Kemp (born in 1959) played in the NFL from 1981 to 1991, and Jimmy Kemp (born in 1971) played in the CFL from 1994 to 2002.
They also had two daughters: Jennifer Kemp Andrews (born in 1961) and Judith Kemp (born in 1963).
Krebs was born in Heichelheim and went to school in the nearby Weimar.
Cannon was born in Guilford County, North Carolina, and in 1840 moved with his parents to Annapolis, Indiana, about 30 miles north of Terre Haute.
Blaine was one of the late 19th century’s leading Republicans and champion of the moderate reformist faction of the party known as the “Half-Breeds.”

Blaine was born in the western Pennsylvania town of West Brownsville and after college moved to Maine, where he became a newspaper editor.
They next lived with Harriet Blaine’s family in Augusta, Maine for several months, where their first child, Stanwood Blaine, was born in 1851.
At the same time, Democratic operatives accused Blaine and his wife of not having been married when their eldest son, Stanwood, was born in 1851; this rumor was false, however, and caused little excitement in the campaign.
Among them, 70.3 percent were Sabras (born in Israel), mostly second- or third-generation Israelis, and the rest are olim (Jewish immigrants to Israel)—20.5 percent from Europe and the Americas, and 9.2 percent from Asia and Africa, including the Arab countries.
Some naturalized foreign workers and their children born in Israel, predominantly from the Philippines, Nepal, Nigeria, Senegal, Romania, China, Cyprus, Turkey, Thailand, and South America (mainly Colombia).
The present-day figure of about 5 million foreign residents, that make up some 9% of the total population, include 97,000 children born in Italy to foreign nationals (19% of total births in Italy) in 2014, but exclude foreign nationals who have subsequently acquired Italian nationality; this applied to 106,000 people in 2014.
İsmet İnönü was born in İzmir, Aidin Vilayet to Hacı Reşit () and Cevriye () (later Cevriye Temelli), and was of Turkicized Kurdish descent on his father's side and of Turkish descent through his mother.
Hacı Reşit was retired from the First Examinant Department of Legal Affairs Bureau of the War Ministry ("Harbiye Nezareti Muhakemat Dairesi Birinci Mümeyyizliği"), who was born in Malatya and a member of Kümüroğulları family of Bitlis.
Ingmar Bergman was born in Uppsala, Sweden, the son of Erik Bergman, a Lutheran minister and later chaplain to the King of Sweden, and Karin ("née" Åkerblom), a nurse who also had Walloon ancestors.
Although born into an Anglican family, by his thirties Newton held a Christian faith that, had it been made public, would not have been considered orthodox by mainstream Christianity; in recent times he has been described as a heretic.
Robert Louis "Bobby" Drake was born in Floral Park, Long Island, New York, to William Robert Drake and Madeline Beatrice Bass-Drake.
Isidore was probably born in Cartagena, Spain, a former Carthaginian colony, to Severianus and Theodora.
Isaac Bashevis Singer was born in 1902 in Leoncin village near Warsaw, Poland, under military partitions by the Russian Empire.
He did not seem to be comfortable unless he was surrounded by Jews; particularly Jews born in Europe.
Buddhist belief in transmigration allowed poor residents of the country to kill their newborn children if they felt unable to care for them, hoping that they would be reborn in better circumstances.
Gershwin was born Israel Gershowitz in New York City, the oldest of four children of Morris (Moishe) and Rose Gershovitz (née Rosa Bruskin), who were Russian Jews, born in St Petersburg, who had emigrated to the US in 1891.
On November 14, 1803, Abbott was born in Hallowell, Maine.
</doc>
<doc id="16372" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=16372" title="John Stevens Cabot Abbott">
John Stevens Cabot Abbott

John Stevens Cabot Abbott (September 19, 1805 – June 17, 1877), an American historian, pastor, and pedagogical writer, was born in Brunswick, Maine to Jacob and Betsey Abbott.
Their first child, a girl, had been born in 1856 but died the same day.
John Hanson was born in Port Tobacco Parish in Charles County in the Province of Maryland on April 14, 1721.
They had four children: Margaret Ringo (born in 1948), Louis Michael (born in 1951), Hugh Ringo (born in 1953) and Roger Gill (born in 1956).
Julian Lennon was born in Liverpool.
Though his family originally lived in Hamburg, Jacob and his brother were both born in Spain.
He was born in Coleman Street in the City of London on 3 April 1764, where his father was a merchant.
According to this fictional biography, he was born in Leland, Mississippi alongside approximately 2,353 siblings, though a 2011 "interview" on "The Ellen DeGeneres Show" has him state that he was from the swamps of Louisiana.
Pol Pot, who rose to the leadership of the communist movement in the 1960s, was born in 1928 (some sources say 1925) in Kampong Thum Province, northeast of Phnom Penh.
Another member of the Paris student group was Ieng Sary, a Chinese-Khmer born in 1925 in South Vietnam.
Khieu Samphan was born in 1931 and specialized in economics and politics during his time in Paris.
Hou Yuon was born in 1930 and studied economics and law.
Son Sen, born in 1930, studied education and literature; Hu Nim, born in 1932, studied law.
He was born in Kawasaki City, Kanagawa.
They were born in Takamagahara, the world of Heaven at the time of the creation.
Alfred Krupp (born Alfried Felix Alwyn Krupp), son of Friedrich Carl, was born in Essen in 1812.
Macleod was born in Clunie, near Dunkeld in central Scotland.
Author Eudora Welty was born in Jackson in 1909, lived most of her life in the Belhaven section of the city, and died there in 2001.
John Robert (Jock) Taylor was born in Pencaitland, East Lothian, and entered his first sidecar race at the age of 19, as the passenger to Kenny Andrews (1974).
In 2007, Jalda Rebling, born in Amsterdam and now living in Germany, became the first openly lesbian cantor ordained by the Jewish Renewal movement.
John Dewey was born in Burlington, Vermont to a family of modest means.
Kwame Nkrumah was born in about 1909 in Nkroful, Gold Coast to a poor and illiterate family.
Justinian was born in Tauresium around 482.
Martyn was born in Beechcroft Avenue, New Malden, London, England to an English mother and a Scottish father.
John Milton was born in Bread Street, London on 9 December 1608, the son of composer John Milton and his wife Sarah Jeffrey.
Joseph Cotten was born in 1905 in Petersburg, Virginia, the first of three sons born to Joseph Cheshire Cotten, Sr., an assistant postmaster, and Sally Willson Cotten.
Spader was born in Boston, Massachusetts, and is the youngest of three children.
According to the Bible he was born in Egypt prior to the Exodus.
Brunner was born in 1934 in Preston Crowmarsh, near Wallingford in Oxfordshire, and went to school at St Andrew's Prep School, Pangbourne.
Yeats was born in London, England.
His official records note that Yoakum was born in Missouri, but he told a story of being born in Arizona, in 1888, as a Navajo Indian on the Window Rock Navajo reservation.
Davis was born in Fairview, Kentucky, to a moderately prosperous farmer, and grew up on his older brother Joseph's large cotton plantations in Mississippi and Louisiana.
Their son Samuel Emory Davis was born in 1756.
She was born in 1759 to William Cook and his wife Sarah Simpson in what is now Christian County, Kentucky.
Samuel and Jane Davis had ten children; Joseph was the oldest son, born in 1784; Jefferson was the last and was born on June 3, 1807 or 1808, on the Davis homestead in Fairview.
Meades was born in Salisbury, Wiltshire, the only child of John William Meades, a biscuit company rep, and Margery Agnes Meades (née Hogg), a primary school teacher.
As such, there are a number of historical personages born in or associated with Anatolia known as Rumi, a word borrowed from Arabic literally meaning 'Roman,' in which context Roman refers to subjects of the Byzantine Empire or simply to people living in or things associated with Anatolia."
John Harrison was born in Foulby, the first of five children in his family.
James Andrews Beard was born in Portland, Oregon, in 1903 to Elizabeth and John Beard.
McPherson was born in Savannah, Georgia, on September 16, 1943, the second of four children.
Jerome was born in Caldmore, Walsall, England.
</doc>
<doc id="16450" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=16450" title="Takamine Jōkichi">
Takamine Jōkichi

Takamine was born in Takaoka, Toyama Prefecture, in November 1854.
Neusner was born in Hartford, Connecticut to Reform Jewish parents.
John Keats was born in Moorgate, London, on 31 October 1795 to Thomas Keats and his wife, born Frances Jennings.
She was born in the hamlet of West End (now in the district of West Hampstead), on 9 August 1800.
Carter was the first U.S. president to be born in a hospital.
Alsted was born in Mittenaar.
The son of Count Károly Andrássy and Etelka Szapáry, he was born in Oláhpatak (now in Rožňava District, Slovakia), Kingdom of Hungary.
Italian anti-organizationalist individualist anarchism was brought to the United States by Italian born individualists such as Giuseppe Ciancabilla and others who advocated for violent propaganda by the deed there.
Italo Calvino was born in Santiago de las Vegas, a suburb of Havana, Cuba, in 1923.
Calvino's brother Floriano, who became a distinguished geologist, was born in 1927.
He and his wife settled in Rome in the via Monte Brianzo where their daughter, Giovanna, was born in 1965.
Newborn infants have no prior exposure to microbes and are particularly vulnerable to infection.
Gandhi had been swept up in the call for Indian independence since she was born in 1917.
Calling it "really an emotional decision", she explained: "He was so full of promise, like Jack; they were born in the same year.
Caesar was born into a patrician family, the "gens Julia", which claimed descent from Iulus, son of the legendary Trojan prince Aeneas, supposedly the son of the goddess Venus.
Rousseau was born in Geneva, which was at the time a city-state and a Protestant associate of the Swiss Confederacy.
Leo Damrosch writes: "An eighteenth-century Genevan liturgy still required believers to declare 'that we are miserable sinners, born in corruption, inclined to evil, incapable by ourselves of doing good'".
Abel was born in Köthen, a small German city, where his father, Christian Ferdinand Abel, had worked for years as the principal viola da gamba and cello player in the court orchestra.
Andree was born in Braunschweig.
Lindh was born in Washington, D.C., to Marilyn Walker and Frank R. Lindh, as the middle of three children in the family.
Lindh secured Irish citizenship in 2013 through his paternal grandmother, Kathleen Maguire, who was born in Donegal.
Ashcroft was born in Chicago, Illinois, the son of Grace P. (née Larsen) and James Robert Ashcroft.
Alexander was born in Newark, New Jersey, the son of Jewish parents Ruth Minnie (née Simon), a nurse and health care administrator, and Alexander B. Greenspan, an accounting manager whose first name Jay later borrowed to create his stage name.
Wycliffe was born in the village of Hipswell near Richmond in the North Riding of Yorkshire, England, in the mid-1320s.
Jaynes was born in West Newton, Massachusetts, son of Julian Clifford Jaynes (1854–1922), a Unitarian minister, and Clara Bullard Jaynes (1884-1980).
</doc>
<doc id="16494" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=16494" title="Josephus">
Josephus

Titus Flavius Josephus (; ; 37 – 100), born Yosef ben Matityahu (, "Yosef ben Matityahu"; ), was a first-century Romano-Jewish scholar, historian and hagiographer, who was born in Jerusalem—then part of Roman Judea—to a father of priestly descent and a mother who claimed royal ancestry.
Marangella was born in Washington D.C. and first studied in France with Fernand Eché at the Conservatoire National de Musique d’Orléans, and later with Pierre Pierlot, Maurice Bourgue, and Etienne Baudo at the Conservatoire de Paris.
Pople was born in Burnham-on-Sea, Somerset, and attended the Bristol Grammar School.
Falwell and his twin brother Gene were born in the Fairview Heights area of Lynchburg, Virginia, the sons of Helen Virginia (Beasley) and Carey Hezekiah Falwell.
Leno was born in New Rochelle, New York.
His homemaker mother, Catherine (née Muir; 1911–1993), was born in Greenock, Scotland, and came to the United States at age 11.
His father, Angelo (1910–1994), was an insurance salesman who was born in New York, to immigrants from Flumeri, Italy.
Imre Lichtenfeld (also known as Imi Sde-Or) was born in 1910 in Pozsony, Austro-Hungary and grew up in Bratislava (Slovakia).
Robinson was born in Waukegan, Illinois.
Their son Horst, the first of five children, was born in November 1945.
Landis was born in Millville, Ohio, in 1866.
Kenesaw Mountain Landis was born in Millville, Ohio, the sixth child and fourth son of Abraham Hoch Landis, a physician, and Mary Kumler Landis, on November 20, 1866.
Joe Walsh, guitarist for the famous rock band the Eagles, was born in Wichita.
Friedman was born in Chicago to Jewish parents, Dr. S. Thomas Friedman and his wife Minnie (Samet) Friedman.
Cabell was born into an affluent and well-connected Virginian family, and lived most of his life in Richmond.
Judah the Prince was born in 135 CE to President of Sanhedrin Simeon ben Gamliel II.
Kerouac's father Leo had been born into a family of potato farmers in the village of Saint-Hubert-de-Rivière-du-Loup, Quebec.
Thompson was born in Halifax, Nova Scotia.
Only half the island's population was born in Jersey; 31% of the population were born elsewhere in the British Isles, 7% in continental Portugal or Madeira, 8% in other European countries and 4% elsewhere.
Those who have a parent or grandparent born in the United Kingdom, or who have lived in the United Kingdom for five years, are not subject to this restriction.
Writers born in Jersey include Elinor Glyn, John Lemprière, Philippe Le Sueur Mourant, Robert Pipon Marett and Augustus Asplet Le Gros.
The amended constitution asserts that while it is the entitlement of "every person born in the island of Ireland … to be part of the Irish Nation" and to hold Irish citizenship, "a united Ireland shall be brought about only by peaceful means with the consent of a majority of the people, democratically expressed, in both jurisdictions in the island."
It turned out that almost 15% of the population of Poland (4.3–4.6 million people) declared that they had either been born in the Kresy, or had a parent or a grandparent who came from that region.
All that is known about Ibn Battuta's life comes from the autobiographical information included in the account of his travels, which records that he was of Berber descent, born into a family of Islamic legal scholars in Tangier, Morocco, on 25 February 1304, during the reign of the Marinid dynasty.
The percentage of the children born in London who died before the age of five decreased from 74.5% in 1730–1749 to 31.8% in 1810–1829.
Ambrose was born in 1604.
Their daughter, Louisa, was born in 1811 but died in 1812 while the family was in Russia.
Wyndham was born in the village of Dorridge near Knowle, Warwickshire (now West Midlands), England, the son of George Beynon Harris, a barrister, and Gertrude Parkes, the daughter of a Birmingham ironmaster.
Many other internationally known artists were born in Jamaica, including Millie Small, Lee "Scratch" Perry, Gregory Isaacs, Half Pint, Protoje, Peter Tosh, Bunny Wailer, Big Youth, Jimmy Cliff, Dennis Brown, Desmond Dekker, Beres Hammond, Beenie Man, Shaggy, Grace Jones, Shabba Ranks, Super Cat, Buju Banton, Sean Paul, I Wayne, Bounty Killer and many others.
First-generation Jamaican athletes have continued to make a significant impact on the sport internationally, especially in the United Kingdom where the list of top British boxers born in Jamaica or of Jamaican parents includes Lloyd Honeyghan, Chris Eubank, Audley Harrison, David Haye, Lennox Lewis and Frank Bruno.
Jamaica's film industry was born in 1972 with the release of "The Harder They Come", the first feature-length film made by Jamaicans.
The poet Al-Farazdaq was born in the city.
Macdonald was born in Scotland; when he was a boy his family immigrated to Kingston in the Province of Upper Canada (today in eastern Ontario).
In August 1847 their son John Alexander Macdonald Jr. was born in New York, but as Isabella remained ill, relatives cared for the infant.
Diefenbaker was born in southwestern Ontario in the small town of Neustadt, Ontario in 1895.
Jean-Michel Basquiat was born in Brooklyn, New York, on December 22, 1960, shortly after the death of his elder brother, Max.
He had two younger sisters: Lisane, born in 1964, and Jeanine, born in 1967.
His father, Gérard Basquiat, was born in Port-au-Prince, Haiti, and his mother, Matilde Basquiat, who was of Puerto Rican descent, was born in Brooklyn, New York.
Son Francis was born in 1791.
They purchased a farm near Bel Air, Maryland, where John Wilkes Booth was born in a four-room log house on May 10, 1838, the ninth of ten children.
Quayle was born in Indianapolis, Indiana, to Martha Corinne (née Pulliam) and James Cline Quayle.
Kathleen Kenyon was born in London, England, in 1906.
</doc>
<doc id="16510" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=16510" title="Johannes Nicolaus Brønsted">
Johannes Nicolaus Brønsted

Johannes Nicolaus Brønsted (; 22 February 1879 – 17 December 1947) born in Varde, was a Danish physical chemist.
Jacob Grimm was born in Hanau, in Hesse-Kassel.
John Coolidge Adams was born in Worcester, Massachusetts, in 1947.
Homann was born in Oberkammlach near Kammlach in the Electorate of Bavaria.
Jones was born in Kansas City, Missouri, on December 19, 1943.
James Lovelock was born in Letchworth Garden City in Hertfordshire, England, to working class parents who were strong believers in education.
Von Neumann was born in Budapest, Kingdom of Hungary, which was then part of the Austro-Hungarian Empire.
Miksa's father and grandfather were both born in Ond (now part of the town of Szerencs), Zemplén County, northern Hungary.
Von Neumann and Mariette had one child, a daughter, Marina, born in 1935.
John Newton was born in Wapping, London, in 1725, the son of John Newton Sr., a shipmaster in the Mediterranean service, and Elizabeth (née Scatliff).
Some of his books said that he was born in Norfolk, Virginia although he later claimed that was a mistake; he attended high school at the Baltimore City College.
Agricola was born in Dobitschen, Thuringia.
Dönitz was born in Grünau near Berlin, Germany, to Anna Beyer and Emil Dönitz, an engineer, in 1891.
He was the son of Fredrik Johan Lönnrot, a tailor and Ulrika Lönnrot; he was born in the village of Sammatti, Uusimaa.
Thurber was born in Columbus, Ohio, to Charles L. Thurber and Mary Agnes "Mame" (née Fisher) Thurber on December 8, 1894.
Cagney, born in 1899 (prior to widespread use of automobiles), loved horses from childhood.
He was born in Rain, Lower Bavaria, in 1572.
</doc>
<doc id="16073" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=16073" title="Juan Gris">
Juan Gris

José Victoriano (Carmelo Carlos) González-Pérez (March 23, 1887 – May 11, 1927), better known as Juan Gris (; ), was a Spanish painter and sculptor born in Madrid who lived and worked in France most of his life.
Gris was born in Madrid.
Whale was born into a large family in Dudley, in the Black Country area of the English West Midlands.
Whale was born in Dudley, England, the sixth of seven children of William, a blast furnaceman, and Sarah, a nurse.
Hagelin was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, the second of four sons, to Mary Lee Hagelin, née Stephenson, a school teacher, and Carl William Hagelin, a businessman.
Completed in 1931, the building was named after President Woodrow Wilson, who was born in nearby Staunton, Virginia.
Jan Hus was born in Husinec, Bohemia, c. 1369.
Caligula ("Gaius Julius Caesar Augustus Germanicus") was born into the Julian and Claudian branches of the Imperial family, thereby making him the first actual "Julio-Claudian" emperor.
However, he was born into the Domitii Ahenobarbi on his father's side.
John Peel was born in Heswall Cottage Hospital in Heswall on the Wirral Peninsula, near Liverpool, and grew up in the nearby village of Burton.
The Tomb of Abba, also located north of the Old City, bears an Aramaic inscription with Paleo-Hebrew letters reading: "I, Abba, son of the priest Eleaz(ar), son of Aaron the high (priest), Abba, the oppressed and the persecuted, who was born in Jerusalem, and went into exile into Babylonia and brought (back to Jerusalem) Mattathi(ah), son of Jud(ah), and buried him in a cave which I bought by deed."
Kesey was born in La Junta, Colorado, and grew up in Springfield, Oregon, graduating from the University of Oregon in 1957.
Kesey was born in La Junta, Colorado, to dairy farmers Geneva (née Smith) and Frederick A. Kesey.
Schwenckfeld was born in Ossig near Liegnitz, Silesia now Osiek, near Legnica, Poland, to noble parents in 1489.
Stockhausen was born in Burg Mödrath, the "castle" of the village of Mödrath.
MacLeod was born in Stornoway, Scotland on 2 August 1954.
No one knows the exact number of colored Keeshonden born in the United States.
Incorrect or incomplete documentation make it impossible to determine how many colored Keeshonden, and of which colors, have been born in the United States.
McCarthy was born in 1908 on a farm in the Town of Grand Chute in Outagamie County, Wisconsin, the fifth of seven children.
His father, Timothy McCarthy, was born in the United States of America, the son of an Irish father and a German mother.
Their daughter Lydia Henchman Hancock was born in 1776 and died ten months later.
Their son John was born in 1778 and died in 1787 after suffering a head injury while ice skating.
John Campbell was born in Newark, New Jersey in 1910.
John was born in Antioch in 349 to Greek parents from Syria.
Jeffrey Howard Archer was born in the City of London Maternity Hospital in Finsbury.
Johannes Brahms was born in 1833; his sister Elisabeth (Elise) had been born in 1831 and a younger brother Fritz Friedrich (Fritz) was born in 1835.
In the same year, Brahms was named an honorary citizen of Hamburg, until 1948 the only one born in Hamburg.
Janis Lyn Joplin was born in Port Arthur, Texas, on , to Dorothy Bonita East (1913–1998), a registrar at a business college, and her husband, Seth Ward Joplin (1910–1987), an engineer at Texaco.
Van Melle was born in Goes.
Rushton was born in Bournemouth, England.
Jacob Lawrence was born in 1917 in Atlantic City, New Jersey.
National team member Hamid Hasan was born in the province and he currently represents Afghanistan in international cricket.
Muhammad Ali Jinnah, the founder of Pakistan, was born in Karachi's Wazir Mansion in 1876 to migrants from Gujarat.
Carson was born in Kentucky on Christmas Eve, 1809.
Japan has the second longest overall life expectancy at birth of any country in the world: 83.5 years for persons born in the period 2010–2015.
In many cases special residents, despite being born in Japan and speaking Japanese, have chosen not to take advantage of the mostly automatic granting of citizenship to special resident applicants.
Jackson was born in Vancouver, British Columbia, to parents John Carter and Fiona Jackson.
John Ray was born in the village of Black Notley in Essex.
He is said to have been born in the smithy, his father having been the village blacksmith.
Yamamoto was born in Nagaoka, Niigata.
Eric Boucher was born in Boulder, Colorado, the son of Virginia (née Parker), a librarian, and Stanley Wayne Boucher, a psychiatric social worker and poet.
Grierson was born in the old schoolhouse in Deanston, near Doune, Scotland, to his father a schoolmaster Robert Morrison Grierson from Boddam, near Peterhead and mother Jane Anthony a teacher from Ayrshire.
Cameron was born in 1954 in Kapuskasing, Ontario, Canada, the son of Shirley (née Lowe), an artist and nurse, and Phillip Cameron, an electrical engineer.
Cameron has been married five times to the following spouses: Sharon Williams (1978–1984), Gale Anne Hurd (1985–1989), director Kathryn Bigelow (1989–1991), Linda Hamilton (1997–1999, daughter Josephine born in 1993), and Suzy Amis (2000–present).
Keino was born in Kipsamo, Nandi District, Kenya.
Rasmussen was born in Jakobshavn (now Ilulissat), Greenland, the son of a Danish missionary, the vicar Christian Rasmussen, and an Inuit- Danish mother, Lovise Rasmussen (née Fleischer).
Kathleen Soliah was born in Fargo, North Dakota, while her family were living in Barnesville, Minnesota.
The 1961 census showed only 51% of the city's population was actually born in Jakarta.
Lind was born in Edinburgh, Scotland in 1716 into a family of merchants, then headed by his father, James Lind.
</doc>
<doc id="16284" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=16284" title="Joliet">
Joliet

Joliet may refer to:






</doc>
<doc id="16285" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=16285" title="John Cade">
John Cade

Dr John Frederick Joseph Cade AO

John Cade was born in Murtoa, in the Wimmera region of Victoria, Australia.
Werth was born in 1591 at Büttgen in the Duchy of Jülich as the eldest son of lesser noble Johann von Wierdt († 1606) and Elisabeth Streithoven.
Habermas was born in Düsseldorf, Rhine Province, in 1929.
James D. Watson was born in Chicago, Illinois, on April 6, 1928, as the only son of Jean (Mitchell) and James D. Watson, a businessman descended mostly from colonial English immigrants to America.
Ambrose Fleming was born in Lancaster and educated at University College School, London, and University College London.
Flavius Claudius Julianus, born in May or June 332 or 331 in Constantinople, was the son of Julius Constantius (consul in 335), half brother of Emperor Constantine I, and his second wife, Basilina, a woman of Greek origin.
Joachim Frederick was born in Cölln to John George, Elector of Brandenburg, and Sophie of Legnica.
John Sigismund was born in Halle an der Saale to Joachim III Frederick, Elector of Brandenburg, and his first wife Catherine of Brandenburg-Küstrin.
Paul Jackson Pollock was born in Cody, Wyoming, in 1912, the youngest of five sons.
Museum links


</doc>
<doc id="16308" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=16308" title="Jet Li">
Jet Li

Li Lianjie (born 26 April 1963), better known by his stage name Jet Li, is a Chinese film actor, film producer, martial artist, and retired Wushu champion who was born in Beijing.
Li was born in Beijing, China and was the youngest of two boys and two girls.
He was born in Naples or Venice.
Joseph Campbell was born in White Plains, New York, the son of Josephine (née Lynch) and Charles William Campbell.
Very little is known of John Dowland's early life, but it is generally thought he was born in London.
Irish historian W. H. Grattan Flood claimed that he was born in Dalkey, near Dublin, but no corroborating evidence has ever been found either for that statement or for Thomas Fuller's claim that he was born in Westminster.
Audubon was born in Les Cayes in the French colony of Saint-Domingue (now Haiti) on his father's sugarcane plantation.
Masefield was born in Ledbury in Herefordshire, to Caroline and George Masefield, a solicitor.
The couple had two children (Judith, born in 1904, and Lewis, in 1910).
Menahem Azariah da Fano (1548–1620), in his book "Reincarnations of souls", provides many examples of non-Jewish Biblical figures being reincarnated into Jews and vice versa; the contemporary Habad Rabbi and mystic Dov Ber Pinson teaches that distinctions between Jews and non-Jews in works such as the Tanya are not to be understood as literally referring to the external properties of a person (what religious community they are born into), but rather as referring to the properties of souls as they can be re-incarnated in any religious community.
Dalglish, the son of an engineer, was born in Dalmarnock in the East End of Glasgow, and was brought up in Milton in the north of Glasgow.
Bedi was one of three children born into a Sikh family that had devoted itself to India's fight for independence from British colonial rule.
His mother, Freda Bedi was a British woman born in Derby, England, who became famous as the first Western woman to take ordination in Tibetan Buddhism.
According to Jain belief, in every half-cycle of time, twenty-four "tīrthaṅkaras" are born in the human realm to discover and teach the Jain doctrine appropriate for that era.
Broadly, Chandragupta was born into a humble family, abandoned, raised as a son by another family, then with the training and counsel of Chanakya of "Arthashastra" fame ultimately built one of the largest empires in ancient India.
Joanna Russ was born in The Bronx, New York City, to Evarett I. and Bertha (née Zinner) Russ, both teachers.
Justus von Liebig was born in Darmstadt into the middle-class family of Johann Georg Liebig and Maria Caroline Möser in early May 1803.
One of her maternal great-grandfathers, Dugald Campbell, was Scottish, born in Lamlash on the Isle of Arran.
When Sarah Brown's son Fraser was born in 2003, Rowling was one of the first to visit her in hospital.
Voroshilov was born in the settlement of Verkhnyeye, Bakhmut uyezd, Yekaterinoslav Governorate, Russian Empire (now part of Lysychansk city in Luhansk Oblast, Ukraine), into a railway worker's family of Russian ethnicity.
Penderecki was born in Dębica, to Tadeusz Penderecki, a lawyer, and Zofia ("née" Wittgenstein).
His son, Alexander, who was born in Cetinje was nicknamed "Montenegrin" The Vasojevići tribe claim descent from Stefan Konstantin of the Nemanjić dynasty.
Crown Prince Alexander was born in London but on property temporarily recognised by the United Kingdom's government as subject to the sovereignty of the Yugoslav crown, on which occasion it was publicly declared that the Crown Prince had been born on the native soil of the land he was expected to eventually rule.
Böttiger was born in Reichenbach, in the kingdom of Saxony, and educated at Schulpforta and Leipzig.
Braun was born in Fulda, Germany, and educated at the University of Marburg and received a Ph.D. from the University of Berlin in 1872.
</doc>
<doc id="17302" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=17302" title="Toshiki Kaifu">
Toshiki Kaifu

Kaifu was born in Nagoya City, Aichi Prefecture, on 2 January 1931.
Hitomaro was born into the Kakinomoto clan, an offshoot of the ancient .
Karl Ernst von Baer was born into a Baltic German noble family in the Piep estate, Kreis Jerwen, Governorate of Estonia (in present-day Lääne-Viru County, Estonia), as a knight by birthright.
The Kenneth of myth, conqueror of the Picts and founder of the Kingdom of Alba, was born in the centuries after the real Kenneth died.
Khandi Alexander was born in New York City, the daughter of Alverina Yavonna (Masters), an opera and jazz singer, and Henry Roland Alexander, who owned a construction company.
Emil Julius Klaus Fuchs was born in Rüsselsheim, Grand Duchy of Hesse, on 29 December 1911, the third of four children of a Lutheran pastor, Emil Fuchs, and his wife Else Wagner.
He was born in Belmonte, near Calatayud (Aragon).
Joseph Haydn was born in Rohrau, Austria, a village that at that time stood on the border with Hungary.
Lucille's father (Jimi's maternal grandfather) was Preston Jeter (born 1875), whose mother was born in similar circumstances as Bertran Philander Ross Hendrix.
In addition to Leon, Hendrix had three younger siblings: Joseph, born in 1949, Kathy in 1950, and Pamela, 1951, all of whom Al and Lucille gave up to foster care and adoption.
Bode was born in Hamburg.
Reno was born in Miami, Florida.
He was born in Kentish Town.
Sayles was born in Schenectady, New York, the son of Mary ("née" Rausch), a teacher, and Donald John Sayles, a school administrator.
Gautama Buddha, who was called an "awakened one" (Buddha), was born into the Shakya clan living at Kapilavastu and Lumbini in what is now southern Nepal.
Baskerville was born in the village of Wolverley, near Kidderminster in Worcestershire and baptised on 28 January at Wolverley church.
Stalin was born in Gori, on .
John Constantine Unitas was born in Pittsburgh in 1933 to Francis J. Unitas and Helen Superfisky, who both were of Lithuanian descent; he grew up in the Mount Washington neighborhood.
Johann Jakob Astor was born in Walldorf near Heidelberg in Electoral Palatinate.
Tracy Lauren Marrow, son of Solomon and Alice Marrow, was born in Newark, New Jersey.
By country of birth, those born in the Isle of Man were the largest group (49.8%), while those born in the United Kingdom were the next largest group at 40% (33.9% in England, 3% in Scotland, 2% in Northern Ireland and 1.1% in Wales), 1.8% in the Republic of Ireland and 0.75% in the Channel Islands.
Joyce was born in 41 Brighton Square, Rathgar, Dublin, into a middle-class family on the way down.
On 2 February 1882, Joyce was born in Rathgar, Dublin, Ireland.
For some years, Joyce nursed the eccentric plan of turning over the book to his friend James Stephens to complete, on the grounds that Stephens was born in the same hospital as Joyce exactly one week later, and shared the first name of both Joyce and of Joyce's fictional alter-ego, an example of Joyce's superstitions.
Kano was born into a relatively affluent family.
Tenniel was born in Bayswater, West London, to John Baptist Tenniel, a fencing and dancing master of Huguenot descent, and Eliza Maria Tenniel.
